what is this
what is this ? it seems like mayonnaise or mustard or something . tell me what this is
what is this ? what chocolate
what is this ? what is this
what is this a
what is this a bottle of
what is this a bottle of? thanks
what is this a box of
what is this a can of
what is this a card of
what is this a case for
what is this a color
what is this a console for? tell me the button controls left to right
what is this a gift card for
what is this a jar of
what is this a medal for
what is this a model of
what is this a package of
what is this a packet of
what is this a painting of
what is this a photo of
what is this a picture
what is this a picture of
what is this a picture of, and web worker
what is this a picture of? from a new user
what is this a picture of? tell me
what is this a picture of? thanks (inaudible
what is this a picture of? that's what i just asked. what is this, record question. what is this a picture of? and it's going out
what is this a picture of? thinking
what is this a picture of? what bottle
what is this a picture of? what is this a picture of - a guy with a cane in his hand
what is this a picture of? what is this a picture of? and is
what is this a picture of?what is this a picture of? a guy with a cane in his hand
what is this a receipt for? sorry about this
what is this a receipt from
what is this a recipe from
what is this a statue of
what is this a ten of
what is this a tool for
what is this an image of
what is this and can i type a question in noisy environments
what is this and does it have a flavor
what is this and does it have a flavor or description
what is this and does it have a name on it
what is this and how big is it
what is this and how can i find it
what is this and how do i prepare it
what is this and how do you cook it
what is this and how late are you going to be there tonight answering questions
what is this and how long do i cook it for
what is this and how many things are in each shelf
what is this and how many things on each shelf
what is this and how much it cost
what is this and how old is it
what is this and is it blu-ray
what is this and is it like a microwave dinner that you're supposed to microwave? okay
what is this and is it to be put in the microwave? or does it even say
what is this and see the cooking instructions
what is this and the color
what is this and the manufacturer
what is this and then push so it's in progress, they're gonna tell you what, they'll send you an answer in a few minutes. and see this is the thing
what is this and what are the directions
what is this and what are the ingredients
what is this and what brand
what is this and what color is it
what is this and what color is it and what time is it cause i was sleeping and i don't know what time it is
what is this and what color is it?, i really appreciate what you do
what is this and what do you use it for
what is this and what does it do and how do i use it. help me i just want to know what it is. and the exact model number
what is this and what does it look like
what is this and what does it say
what is this and what does it say for instructions on the box
what is this and what does it treat
what is this and what flavor is it
what is this and what is it used for
what is this and what is it's expiration date
what is this and what is on the bottle
what is this and what is recent there
what is this and what is the color
what is this and what is the creator of this product
what is this and what is the expiration date
what is this and what is the serial number
what is this and what is the weight
what is this and what is your favorite baseball team
what is this and what's its color
what is this and which brand is it
what is this and which color is it
what is this animal
what is this antique object
what is this app all about, we need to find out right now
what is this article
what is this bag
what is this bag look like
what is this bag of chips
what is this bag of food
what is this bag? and what has the picture on
what is this bag? tell what it is
what is this bank note
what is this bar code
what is this barcode for
what is this bat
what is this beer
what is this beverage
what is this big chart
what is this bill
what is this bill worth
what is this biscuit
what is this body spray called
what is this book
what is this book about
what is this book called
what is this book's title
what is this booklet about
what is this books title
what is this bottle
what is this bottle and what's the dosage if you can see it
what is this bottle in my lap
what is this bottle of
what is this bottle of detergent
what is this bottle of mobile
what is this bottle of pills
what is this bottle of seasoning
what is this bottle sitting in front of me
what is this bottle, item
what is this bottle, what is in this bottle
what is this bottle? is it a bottle of beer? and what brand
what is this bottle? or in this bottle? or what is this product
what is this bottle? what is this bottle
what is this box
what is this box and what is the side effects
what is this box for
what is this box from
what is this box of
what is this box of cookies
what is this box say
what is this box that i'm holding in front of my hand
what is this box, and are there cooking instructions
what is this box, maybe i don't have the right side up
what is this box, what is this i know its a teabag but does it say what kind it is
what is this box? i know it's pudding but what kind
what is this box? i'm not sure if i have the camera pointed to it correctly
what is this box? what does this box say
what is this box? what is in this box
what is this box? what is this box
what is this brand
what is this brand name
what is this brand of headphones they have hear? i saw the logo, the fine print but i can't read it
what is this brand of headphones? i can't read the print at all, man. exclamation point. whatever. i can't find it! what is it? because i need to buy it
what is this bubble
what is this button
what is this buy it
what is this cable for
what is this cake mix
what is this called
what is this called? what is this used for
what is this cam
what is this camera doing or this screen on this computer what is it saying now we just started it up and its not talking yet
what is this can
what is this can in my left
what is this can of
what is this can of food
what is this can of pop
what is this can of soda
what is this can of soup
what is this can of? very much for your time and help
what is this can? i'm not sure what kind of tea it is
what is this can? is it a sprite or mountain dew
what is this can? like, what is in it
what is this can? oh
what is this can? what is in this can
what is this can? what is this can
what is this candle
what is this candy bar
what is this canned good
what is this captcha
what is this captcha image
what is this captcha that is displayed on the screen
what is this capture
what is this card
what is this card be
what is this card in my hand
what is this card the queen of
what is this card? if it's a restaurant, tell me which one? yeah
what is this carton
what is this cartoon a picture of
what is this case
what is this cd
what is this cd artist and title
what is this cd called
what is this cereal
what is this chair
what is this chair made out of
what is this cheese
what is this chocolate
what is this cleaner
what is this cleaning product
what is this coin
what is this color
what is this color and pattern? there's some sort of pattern on my left chest there. describe
what is this computer doing
what is this computer model
what is this container consist of
what is this continue
what is this contraption
what is this cord
what is this correct that i have an my hand
what is this cream
what is this creature
what is this crockpot set on
what is this cup
what is this currency
what is this decongestant
what is this dessert
what is this device
what is this dial indicator pointing to
what is this dial set to
what is this dinner
what is this dinner now
what is this dish
what is this document
what is this doll
what is this dollar bill
what is this dough
what is this drink
what is this dvd
what is this earphone's brand because i can't see the print
what is this exactly
what is this fax
what is this flavor
what is this flavor of soda
what is this flight on this computer screen
what is this floor made out of
what is this food
what is this food and what is the recipe
what is this food item
what is this food package
what is this food product
what is this for
what is this for a t-shirt
what is this for in particular
what is this fox
what is this from? or, who is this from
what is this frozen dinner
what is this frozen dinner and what are the conventional oven instructions time and length of time? very much
what is this frozen dinner and what is the instructions for conventional oven temperature and number of minutes? very much
what is this fruit
what is this game
what is this gift card for
what is this green
what is this green shell
what is this guy in this photograph look like
what is this hairclip
what is this hanging on the closet door? tell me? ? write a detailed description of what it looks like. i really appreciate this. . bye
what is this hanging on the closet door? tell me? or write a detailed description of what it looks like. i really appreciate this. . goodbye
what is this hiding
what is this i am holding
what is this i don't know what it is
what is this i just took a picture of
what is this i'm holding in my hand
what is this i'm looking at
what is this identification card
what is this image
what is this in front of me
what is this in front of the camera
what is this in my hand
what is this in the bottle
what is this in the jar
what is this in the screen
what is this in this bag
what is this in this gallon jug? what's the name of it
what is this in this package
what is this in this picture
what is this instrument
what is this is can
what is this isbn number
what is this island
what is this item
what is this item and what color is it
what is this item and what is the color
what is this item including make
what is this item number
what is this item of
what is this item on the wall
what is this item or items
what is this item that the camera is pointing at? if you can see the item them tell me what it says or what you see in the picture. and don't
what is this item used for
what is this item, ? thanks you
what is this item, or seasoning
what is this item? thanks for your help
what is this item? we got a question
what is this item? what is the model number if you can see it? if you can't, tell me what you see in the picture
what is this item? what item is this
what is this item? you have to...you have to hit the record button jerry i think
what is this jar
what is this jar? i hope you can tell by the picture i took, and
what is this jar? what type of food is this
what is this jug
what is this k-cup
what is this kane
what is this keyboard
what is this kind
what is this kitten
what is this label
what is this label on the bottle say
what is this label say on it
what is this label say? i'm looking for some ear drops
what is this label saying
what is this lapel pen
what is this lapel pin
what is this leaf from
what is this little can
what is this little package
what is this logo
what is this logo on this cap
what is this lotion bottle
what is this lotion called
what is this machine
what is this machine and what are the buttons labeled as
what is this magazine
what is this magazine about
what is this magazine called
what is this mail, where is it from
what is this make and model
what is this manual for
what is this map
what is this marker
what is this meal
what is this meal and what are the cooking instructions
what is this meat
what is this medication
what is this medicine
what is this message
what is this metal square on the coffee table
what is this milk, sell by date
what is this model
what is this money
what is this movie
what is this newspaper section about
what is this nondescript object
what is this object
what is this object? i know it's a food item, but what food item is it
what is this object? ok, so i recorded a question
what is this object? what is displayed on this monitor
what is this oil lamp called
what is this on the paper
what is this on the table
what is this on this pine tree
what is this on this plate
what is this on this.. what is the label on this cover? what's the name
what is this one
what is this option? what is this? what is this
what is this package
what is this package and is there any other applications like this out there? or scanning applications that i can read money or other applications with an iphone with
what is this package and what does it contain
what is this package of
what is this package of meat
what is this packet
what is this packet say
what is this painting
what is this paper
what is this paper for
what is this particular item placed on top of the table
what is this pass
what is this pattern
what is this perfume
what is this perfume called
what is this person
what is this person wearing
what is this photo
what is this photo describing
what is this photo of
what is this photo taken of
what is this photograph of
what is this picture
what is this picture about
what is this picture frame
what is this picture i took
what is this picture of
what is this picture of that i just took
what is this picture of the keychain? not the key but the keychain
what is this picture of? in detail
what is this picture of? is that page blank
what is this picture on my shirt
what is this picture on the screen
what is this picture on the wall - this wall hanging here? tell me what this is
what is this picture on the wall of
what is this picture, this item
what is this picture? what is in this picture
what is this picture? what is this picture
what is this piece of fruit
what is this piece of mail
what is this piece of mail for and where is it from
what is this piece of paper and what is on it
what is this piece of paper appear to say
what is this piece of paper? what does it say
what is this piece x
what is this pink packet
what is this pitting
what is this place
what is this plant
what is this plate question
what is this player
what is this plug-in dongle for? it says lg on the side
what is this poster
what is this poster of
what is this pregnancy test show? one line negative or two lines positive
what is this printed on this label
what is this problem
what is this product
what is this product and how do you use it
what is this product and how to cook it
what is this product and how to use it
what is this product and what are the ingredients i need
what is this product and what color is it
what is this product in this can
what is this product key
what is this product of
what is this product, what is this product
what is this product? and that you don't even have to do that. there's two different ways and i have them both set up. a real person actually looks at it and answers you on a web place and then there's another
what is this product? describe
what is this product? i hope i finally got the french side in view
what is this product? let's see what you came up with. let me see what you came up with, i can't tell. not sure, turn around. well you have the back. you have to do the front of it
what is this product? thanks in advance
what is this product? we have been given a rather large bag of presents, birthday presents abd having difficulty identifying them
what is this product? what is this product
what is this product? what kind of can
what is this product? what's the name of this product
what is this product?, and
what is this products
what is this question
what is this ready meal package
what is this receipt about
what is this receipt about and is there a phone number
what is this recipe
what is this red wine called
what is this remote and how many buttons does it have
what is this rice
what is this right here
what is this right here that i just took a picture of
what is this rock called
what is this say
what is this saying
what is this scent from bath and body works
what is this screen
what is this screen saying
what is this screen showing
what is this screen telling me or asking me to do
what is this screensaver because the last thing it said was installing updates but then it stopped speaking to me
what is this sea creature that walked up on the beach
what is this sears and robuck 5 page fishing rod, what is the value of it
what is this season
what is this seasoning
what is this seed
what is this set on
what is this set on now
what is this set to
what is this setting set to
what is this shape
what is this shape in
what is this shirt
what is this shirt look like
what is this show
what is this show on the screen
what is this showing
what is this sig
what is this sign
what is this sign say
what is this sir
what is this small bottle
what is this snack
what is this snap
what is this soda
what is this soda called
what is this song
what is this soup
what is this soup can
what is this spaghetti sauce
what is this spice
what is this spice and what color is it
what is this stamp
what is this stand
what is this stand and what color is it
what is this statue
what is this statue of
what is this stink
what is this store
what is this study about
what is this stuff
what is this stuffed animal
what is this symbol
what is this t-shirt
what is this tablet
what is this tea
what is this teabag of. i think it's too dark to see, but
what is this tell me
what is this text
what is this that i am looking at
what is this that i am pointing at
what is this that i just took a picture of
what is this that i took a picture of
what is this that i'm holding in my hand
what is this that i'm trying to scan
what is this that is hanging on the wall? i would like to know and give me a detailed description
what is this thermostat set on
what is this thermostat temperature set at
what is this thing
what is this thing and what is the color
what is this thing in my water
what is this thing right here
what is this thing that the iphone's looking at. what really see
what is this thingee
what is this tin
what is this title
what is this tree that has grown in my yard
what is this tube
what is this tube of cream
what is this tube of creme
what is this tube of gel of
what is this tv dinner
what is this tv dinner and what flavor is it
what is this tv dinner? what flavor is it
what is this type of design on my shirt
what is this type of paraflu
what is this used for
what is this vegetable
what is this vegetable i just pulled off a tree
what is this video game
what is this view
what is this vitamin jar
what is this we taking a picture of
what is this weird thing
what is this what do i do now
what is this where
what is this windows xp error say
what is this wine
what is this wine and where does it come from
what is this wine bottle's brand name
what is this word
what is this word verification
what is this wrapper
what is this wrapping paper
what is this ziploc type product
what is this, and how much does it cost
what is this, and is it like a tv dinner to put into the microwave
what is this, and is there a name on it
what is this, and what are the instructions
what is this, and what color is it
what is this, and what color is it, and what does it say on the top? that is my question
what is this, and what is it's color, and what shape is it, and where does it belong
what is this, and what kind of soap is this
what is this, be a bit more specific
what is this, by chance
what is this, exactly
what is this, in this can
what is this, is it a bottle of sunscreen
what is this, kim
what is this, period
what is this, what is the liquid in the cup
what is this, what is this
what is this, what is this paper
what is this. what is this
what is this? all my friends are laughing
what is this? and discribe the colors
what is this? and hard workers
what is this? and is it hot
what is this? and it's saying recording, are you through recording
what is this? and then you press
what is this? and then you press this twice again to turn it off
what is this? and what color is it
what is this? and where can i get a better one
what is this? apple is very easy to use once you start using it. that's the thing, but you have to start using it. yes. its like anything, when someone first started using the computer they couldn't use it
what is this? ask him if this is tylenol
what is this? but yes i'll fold it
what is this? can i drink this
what is this? come on
what is this? comma. what does it say? question mark
what is this? describe
what is this? for your help
what is this? foreign language
what is this? how is it works? who is going to answer more question
what is this? how long do you work today
what is this? how much
what is this? i am testing this program. very much
what is this? i can take a picture of something and then it will tell me what it is. and then i ask and i'll send it and just a second
what is this? i didn't know it was recording
what is this? i don't get that i had to call. get that back to me
what is this? i don't know, i have no idea and what time is it
what is this? i guess it tells me
what is this? i mean, really
what is this? i need a brand name like aloe vera gel or something like that
what is this? i need to know what it is
what is this? i want to know
what is this? i'm taking a picture
what is this? i'm talking to my phone
what is this? i'm trying to find out if it's soup but i can't tell, thanks
what is this? is it a drug something, paraphernalia? or is it a sexual toy? or is it
what is this? is it accurate of a picture of my phone
what is this? is it barbecue or regular potato chips
what is this? is this a bottle of pop
what is this? is this beer or soda
what is this? is this the moon
what is this? it's from schwans
what is this? it's italian, speak as you can
what is this? it's italian. read as you can
what is this? it's italian. speak as you can
what is this? it's made in china and it says smart cook on it
what is this? it's medication, it's a shiny box
what is this? just ask what is that
what is this? just to test the app
what is this? mano, what is this
what is this? no, wait
what is this? nothing happened, i was
what is this? now what happens is they have, two possible. there's a qr engine with a computer that reads
what is this? oh let's see what it tells me
what is this? or who
what is this? read
what is this? read it. hope it looks better now. thanks
what is this? read what this is
what is this? see i don't know what to do cuz it don't beep to ask or record a question
what is this? see what this is? i'm testing
what is this? shut up
what is this? take a picture of something it'll tell you what it is
what is this? tell me
what is this? that sends it off to
what is this? there's a damn spider up there
what is this? they have
what is this? this doesn't work
what is this? this takes a little while to go through, but i figured it out
what is this? wait. maybe i'll wait and do that one later
what is this? what brand
what is this? what brand and what flavor
what is this? what brand is it
what is this? what cd is this
what is this? what color is this
what is this? what color of fish
what is this? what does it say
what is this? what does this say
what is this? what i have in front of me
what is this? what is in this bottle? thanks
what is this? what is it
what is this? what is that
what is this? what is this
what is this? what is this item
what is this? what is this jacket marker
what is this? what is this marker
what is this? what is this product
what is this? what is this question mark
what is this? what is this thing
what is this? what is this, could you tell me
what is this? what is this? what is this
what is this? what is this? what is this? what is this? what is this
what is this? what it is this
what is this? what item is this
what is this? what kind of food is this
what is this? what kind of game is it
what is this? what kind of purse is this
what is this? what time is in the eastern time zone
what is this? what was the answer that you got
what is this? what's this
what is this? what's this a picture of
what is this? what's this marker
what is this? whats the name of this product
what is this? who shot john kennedy? no, i took a picture of., oh, why do i
what is this? whoops
what is this? yeah, i can't it though. it vibrated. let's see. it
what is this? yeah? and then the idea is that
what is this??? but its nice
what is this?what is this