read
read all instruction on the books
read all the things on the cans
read and type the code here? thanks
read any of the text on the bottle to tell me what it is
read any of these numbers
read any of these numbers to me
read any of this
read any of this material
read any word on the cd
read cooking instructions
read date and time of this invitation
read directions
read everything on this button, read everything
read for me the phone number
read me my credit card number
read me the captcha text, it should be a few letters or a word that is blurry ear a box that you type in
read me the cooking instructions for these, a movie mad a big mess of it
read me the directions on how to cook this
read me the directions on this box of mccormick's chili seasoning
read me the directions on this packet of mccormicks chili seasoning
read me the error message on the screen
read me the gift code on this card
read me the instructions
read me the instructions for this medicine bottle
read me the model on the back of the iphone
read me the redemption code on this card
read me the serial number
read me the text that is appearing this screen
read me this captcha
read me what is on my screen
read numbers and letters on this display
read numbers or letters on the screen of this radio
read off the current thermostat status, including the weather if it's set to air conditioner, as well as if it's, what the kickoff temperature is where the thermostat will go off
read off the thermostat as far as what temperature it's supposed to go off at? very much
read on somethings on this box. read the information on the box
read out what is on this little screen? i think is says something on one line
read some of the text on the green
read the bottle now or i'm not sure where to put the camera. i'm trying to find out what medicine it is and if it says anything
read the bottle on the screen
read the brand, dosage information, or any other things about this bottle
read the captcha which is the blurry word or letter at the bottom or middle of the screen? it's not the web address, i have that, i just need the word or the letters
read the capture so i can fill in pass phrase on the computer screen
read the card on the soup
read the contact information from this business card
read the contents of the box
read the contents of this box
read the cooking instructions on this. if you're not able to, tell me how to adjust the camera. thanks
read the counter
read the directions on box to me
read the directions on the box lemon bar directions
read the document to me
read the email address off this business card
read the five empty jacks from left to right, is it possible
read the flavors on any of these
read the image in this captcha for the security code
read the information if possible
read the information off this business card? the email address
read the information the button
read the instructions
read the instructions for this dip how to prepare it
read the instructions on the medicine bottle
read the knob from left to right. is it off, high, low or off, low, high for this crockpot
read the label and let me know if this is ground beef or sausage
read the label information
read the label of this bottle
read the label on the bottom of this bottle
read the label on this
read the label on this bottle
read the label on this box
read the label. let me know what the label on this wine bottle is. i need to know the contents
read the make and model of the battery case
read the make and model of the iphone case
read the menu
read the name
read the name for this chocolate
read the name of soup
read the name of the person written in either print or shorthand on this envelope
read the name of the soup
read the name of this bottle
read the name of this prescription
read the name of this type of coffee
read the name off the blur decks
read the name on that syrup bottle
read the name on the box
read the name on the eye drop bottle
read the name this box
read the numbers on the back of this device
read the numbers to me
read the prescription name on this bottle
read the screen to me? thanks
read the serial number on this washer
read the small tag on top of the other tag and see if it has washing instructions, or if it's dry clean only, on these curtains
read the statement
read the steps and the time for this exerciser
read the tag? how do i improve that
read the temperate on this thermostat
read the temperature of this thermostat
read the temperature on the thermostat
read the temperature on this thermostat
read the text in this photo
read the text in this picture and type it here? thanks
read the text of this bottle
read the text on the box
read the text on the monitor
read the text on the pack
read the text on this
read the text on this box which is another box
read the text on this side of the box? another attempt
read the things on the box under the box and tell me which color
read the title of this book
read the title of this book to me
read the words on my tv screen
read the words on this charger
read the writing on this box
read the writing on this tag and tell me what it says
read the, i think it's called the sid number, for this devise
read these buttons to me
read these numbers for me . this is a captcha i can't read it
read these words
read this
read this ad
read this and tell me the instructions
read this bid
read this bottle
read this bottle to me, what it is, and for your help
read this bottle? oh, no
read this cart number
read this catalog
read this for me
read this image letters
read this label
read this label clearly? i have had trouble with it before, tell me if it is hamburger or sausage
read this label for me
read this label on the bottle
read this label on this meat package for me, to let me know what it is
read this map on the bottle
read this meat label for me
read this meat label on this package and let me know what this is
read this menu to me
read this note to me
read this number, this captcha, for me if you can
read this one
read this package label or tell me the cooking instructions
read this paper
read this perfume bottle and tell me what it says
read this picture
read this screen for me
read this seven day forecast and write it out in the app so i can use voice over to read it? it's a seven day forecast
read this shirt
read this tag on my computer
read this tag on this curtain to let me know if it says it can be washed or dry cleaned? either one
read this text
read this these numbers
read this thing on the product
read this to me
read this? i must know it
read to me or tell me the instructions on this shampoo bottle
read to me the instruments on the shampoo bottle
read to me what is shown on this display
read to me what is the item in this package
read to me what it says on this display
read to me what that says
read what is in this bottle
read what is on my screen
read what is on that package
read what is on the bottle
read what is on the computer screen for me here
read what is says here
read what is stamp on the back of this fork
read what is the title
read what is written on the pamphlet
read what is written on this box
read what kind of coffee is in this k-cup
read what the screen of my computer says
read what the screen says? i think my computer is dead
read what this book is
read what this says to me on the package? thanks
read who this christmas card is from
read. read
