what type of
what type of ........ is this
what type of aftershave is that
what type of animal is that? i know it's blue, but what type of animal
what type of animal is this
what type of apple is this
what type of arrowhead is this
what type of baby food is this
what type of bag is this
what type of battery is this
what type of beans are this
what type of beer is this
what type of bill do i have
what type of bird is this? and the colors in it
what type of body spray is this
what type of bottle is that
what type of bottle is this
what type of bottle is this, the brand
what type of bottle is this? the brand
what type of brand is this thing
what type of bread is this
what type of broth is this
what type of burger is in this box
what type of burritos are these
what type of can is this
what type of can soda is this
what type of candy is this
what type of canned food is this
what type of canned good is this
what type of captain morgan is this
what type of car is this
what type of card is this
what type of cat is this
what type of caterpillar is this
what type of cd is this
what type of cereal is this
what type of champagne is that
what type of cheese is this
what type of chicken is this
what type of chips are these
what type of chips are this
what type of chocolate bar is this
what type of chocolate is this
what type of cigarettes are these
what type of cleaner is this
what type of coffee is this
what type of cologne is this
what type of condom is this
what type of cookies are these
what type of cough drops
what type of crab fish fillets are these? what brand
what type of currency is this
what type of curry cup is this
what type of deodorant is this
what type of deodorant is this and what's the color of the lid
what type of dessert is this
what type of dinner is this
what type of dinner is this? what does the box say
what type of dog do you think this is
what type of dog is it
what type of dog is this
what type of doritos are these
what type of drink is that
what type of drink is this
what type of drink is this and is there anything left in the bottle
what type of drink is this? this is an app called biz wiz. you take a picture and like. i don't know why it's going so slow
what type of drinks can i make with this
what type of earl is this
what type of essential oil is this? i think it might be grapefruit
what type of eye drop is this
what type of floor covering
what type of flower is this
what type of food
what type of food is this
what type of food is this? what does the box say
what type of food is this? what is the name of it? tell me
what type of fruit is this
what type of fruit is this? what brand is it and what is the net weight
what type of gatorade is this
what type of glass is this
what type of grass is this
what type of guitar is this
what type of guitar is this? type of guitar
what type of gum is this
what type of gum is this? what type of gum is this
what type of hamburger helper is this
what type of headphones is this
what type of headset is this
what type of horse
what type of hot chocolate is this
what type of hot pockets are these
what type of icing is this
what type of insect is this
what type of iphone case is this
what type of item is this
what type of jar is this
what type of jello is this
what type of jello pudding is this
what type of jerky is this
what type of juice is this
what type of k cup is this
what type of kashi tv dinner is this
what type of kcup is this, coffee or tea? and what flavor
what type of keurig cup is this
what type of keurig is this
what type of key
what type of keyboard is this
what type of kleenexes are those
what type of label is this and what does it say
what type of label is this and what is on the front of these papadoms
what type of laundry detergent is this
what type of lotion is this
what type of macaroni is this
what type of magazine is this
what type of mail is this
what type of mccains meal is this
what type of meal is this
what type of meat is this
what type of medication is this
what type of medicine is in this bottle
what type of medicine is this
what type of milk is this
what type of modem is this
what type of money is this
what type of motif is on this t-shirt
what type of mouse is this
what type of mouse is this on the imac
what type of mouthwash is this
what type of muesli bars are these
what type of musical instrument is this
what type of nail is this
what type of native american basket is this
what type of nuts are in this package
what type of nuts are these
what type of of pan is this
what type of package is this
what type of packet of tobacco is this
what type of pasta sauce is in this jar
what type of pepper is this
what type of phone is this
what type of picture is on this t-shirt
what type of pill is this
what type of pills are in this bottle
what type of pills are these
what type of pizza is this
what type of plant is that
what type of plant is this
what type of plant is this that is growing in my garden
what type of pop is this
what type of popcorn is this? what is the flavour or whatever information does it give on the box
what type of printer is it
what type of printer is this
what type of radio is this? if you can see the screen, what is the frequency of the station? and anything else you can see from it
what type of scanner is this
what type of sea salt is this
what type of see saw is this
what type of seed am i holding in my hand
what type of seeds are these? a flower, a vegetable? if it's a flower, which flower? if it's a vegetable, which vegetable
what type of shampoo is this
what type of shampoo is this? it should be teatree
what type of skin lesion is this
what type of snack is this
what type of soda is in this bottle
what type of soda is in this can
what type of soda is this
what type of soda is this? that was funny. that was really funny
what type of soup is htis
what type of soup is this
what type of spaghetti sauce is this? in this jar
what type of speakers are these
what type of spice is this
what type of stone is this
what type of sugar is this
what type of tablets are these
what type of tea is this
what type of tile is this
what type of tissues are these
what type of tobacco is this
what type of tomatoes do i have
what type of tool is this
what type of tree does this leaf come off of
what type of tree is this
what type of tv dinner is this
what type of tv is this
what type of vegetable is this
what type of vegetable is this? what type of vegetable is this
what type of vegetables are these
what type of vitamin is this
what type of vitamins are these
what type of water is this
what type of water is this? what brand of water is this and what brand of water do you have where you are? and what time is it
what type of water is this? what brand of water is this? and what water brand do you have where you are? and what time is it
what type of wine is this
what type of wipes are these
what type of wood is this
what type of wood table is this
what type of wrapping paper is this
what type of yogurt is this? thanks in advance. appreciate that
what type of, brand of fish is this
what type or flavor of coffee is this
what type, and brand is this deodorant