is this a 12 volt transformer? it should say 12 'v' as in victor. 1-2-v
is this a 32-bit or a 64-bit version of windows 7
is this a 5 or a 10 canadian dollar bill
is this a bag of bead that looks so dark blue that they look blackish with gold flecks in them
is this a baking powder or baking soda
is this a better picture? if not, tell me which way to go
is this a black or a red pen
is this a bottle of hair conditioner or shampoo
is this a bottle of shampoo, hair conditioner, or hand lotion
is this a box of sudafed, tell
is this a brownie mix? thanks for helping
is this a bus stop? i'm looking for a bus stop and what does this sign say
is this a can of
is this a can of almonds or mixed nuts
is this a can of pam, or what is in this can
is this a cat or dog
is this a chicken nugget, macaroni and cheese, and brownie dinner
is this a chocolate or apple pie
is this a coke or a dr. pepper
is this a dark blue jacket? i need to know the color
is this a day or night cream
is this a diet mountain dew voltage
is this a diet pepsi or a regular pepsi
is this a different screen or is this still a license agreement
is this a draft
is this a dusty rose pink or what shade of pink is it
is this a fan, and what color is it
is this a fire alarm or a combination fire and co carbon monoxide alarm
is this a flat rate box
is this a fruit or a vegetable
is this a gift card for
is this a girl or a man
is this a good outfit to wear
is this a good outfit to wear? does it match
is this a good picture of my dog
is this a granite cleaner
is this a keyboard for a laptop
is this a lemon or a lime
is this a lemon pie or an apple pie
is this a light blue or dark blue phone case
is this a like on
is this a lot of black in this shirt? hear my question
is this a pair of blue topaz earrings? thanks for your help
is this a panda bear bear
is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme, what kind
is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme? what kind
is this a photo of corn
is this a photo or a blank page
is this a pop or is it a beer
is this a print of italian words
is this a quarter
is this a queen of clubs? thanks
is this a raging boil
is this a real display
is this a receipt? if not, generally what is this piece of paper
is this a reese candy bar
is this a regular coke or a diet coke
is this a silver bracelet or gold bracelet
is this a six or a two
is this a skillet or mixed vegetables
is this a snakebite
is this a soda or a beer
is this a solid or a print
is this a state id card, or a different type of card? thanks
is this a talking timer or a talking clock
is this a taxi receipt, and if yes, tell how much for
is this a ten dollar voucher too
is this a ticket for the sand dollar
is this a tv remote in front of me
is this a twelve volt transformer? it should say twelve v. one two v
is this a violent video game
is this a weed or a decorative plant? and if a plant, what kind
is this a windows 8 screen
is this a, is this a book