is there also a scale in the picture
is there an actual envelope to show mail, show phones coming in? an envelope on this remote
is there an actual print on the back of this super drive
is there an e heat designation on the thermostat
is there an error message on the screen, or is my sound just not working
is there an error message on the screen? and is there an action item or action that needs to be taken
is there an expiration date
is there an expiration date on this and if so when
is there an id on this cot
is there an image on this computer monitor
is there an item number
is there anybody in front of me
is there anybody in the hallway
is there anyone sitting on the chair? is there anyone sitting on the chair
is there anything at all you can see on the screen
is there anything displayed on the display on the hand held radio, on the screen
is there anything else in this dinner besides shredded chicken
is there anything else on the label
is there anything like text or progress bars visible on screen
is there anything listening on the screen
is there anything on my coat like a stain? question mark
is there anything on the display
is there anything on the monitor
is there anything on the screen
is there anything on the screen now that's telling me to perform a specific task
is there anything on the screen of my ipad
is there anything on the screen of my macbook
is there anything on the screen regarding a windows 8 install if so what is it, thanks
is there anything on the screen that has to do with windows 8 install
is there anything on the screen, something about start up
is there anything on this page
is there anything on this side
is there anything on this tin that could help me identify the name of it, the brand or anything
is there anything on this tv screen
is there anything showing on the picture
is there anything visible on the screen
is there anything written here
is there anything you can glean from this screen? what is on it? maybe describe the color
is there anything you could tell me about the screen? do you see a percentage perhaps? i'm trying to figure out where this diagnostic is going
is there anyway i can get cooking instructions for these cookies
is there are picture on this box, or words
is there blood in my stool
is there caffeine in there
is there caffeine in this
is there coffee in there? no, is there caffeine in there
is there fiber in this
is there is a light on on this thing
is there is a phone number on this card and what is it
is there model number information on this box
is there peroxide or something else in this bottle
is there purple in this shirt
is there shampoo or shower gel in this bottle
is there shower gel or body lotion
is there shower gel or shampoo in this bottle
is there some sort of error message on the screen? thanks
is there someone answering questions twenty four hours a day
is there someone there 24 hours a day, answering questions
is there something on my way? is there something that is obstructing the walk on my way
is there soup in this tin, and if yes, what type is it? in advance
is there sunblock in this chapstick
is there sunscreen in this chapstick
is there text on this side of the blister pack and what do i if there is text there
is there text on this side of the car
is there text or any identifying identification on this side of the card
is there? tell me whereabouts the envelope is on this phone