17, 34 equals seven
3 digit code on the signature line
a bottle of red wine
a map key should tell what the symbols on the map mean. what does a small blackened dot usually represent
a medication of what type? that is my question
a picture of
a very good morning to you and a very merry christmas also. i'd like you to tell me whether the top and the trousers i'm wearing match because i'm going for a christmas dinner this afternoon and i want to make sure i'm presentable. very much
a you a mechanical turk worker or are you volunteer for viz wiz? thanks so much for your help. also just sort of curious how this all works
able on my vacuum i need the serial number and model number
about this one
about twenty minutes to do this
above my finger i think there is two flat buttons tell me what they say form top to bottom the larger one is on the bottom and the smaller one i think is on the op
actually they do
actually, i cannot identify the first sign on the keyboard of the imac os x. can i get help
actually, on artificial christmas tree, the green leaves may be from one of my mom's other plants. if you see something that looks like a christmas tree that has a pine needle on it, it is probably my christmas three. let me know
again this is - i tried sending this before and someone suggested that i take the picture closer up. it's a picture of a garlic label, this garlic, i'm trying to find the expiry date on it and hopefully you can help me out with that. i do appreciate it. alright? thanks
again what is this tin? however i do think this system is really quite fantastic because it did tell one thing for me if you can't tell it's certainly not your fault
agenda item number two
all right they are closed now. i don't think there are any labels on there though, but if there are any labels on there. i don't know, i think it's the right one too
all right, i'm trying to find the expiration on this carton of milk. it's a paper carton, and i don't know where the hell it would be printed. so, hopefully it's in this image. if not, where would you usually find that on a carton of milk, a paper carton, not the jug
all right, tell me if this coffee is caffeinated or decaffeinated? . i think this is a different one than before
all right. i just wanted to say thanks very much. that was a bit of a tricky one with the christmas ornament. thanks for your patience and merry christmas
all right. take three, looking at the back side, looking for the expiration date
all the settings on the crock pot. i know off and low are on the left side. read the right side
all these off the wall answers are kind of ridiculous. could you tell me what flavor of dinner this is
alright almost done here, tell me what flavor this one is
alright i am definitely colorblind. i thought it was purple. colorblind for a reason i guess
alright i think i have this massive. nothing else is open, it's just the page of interest open and it's maximized. so hopefully that will tell realist code i need. thanks for the help guys
alright i'll try again. tell me what this is ? what kind of rice-a-roni this is
alright it's not on eric's fence
alright looking for the input or mode button i have moved the camera in tell me if this is clear
alright see if you can see the orca serial number now
alright so i'm trying to figure out what kind of radio this is. so any information that you could possibly give me to tell me what radio it is so i can get one of my own. that would be great. thanks
alright so what do we got here from left to right, or biggest to littlest, however you want to do it
alright take a look at the remote, try to find the source or the input button and try to describe it in relation to other buttons so i can figure it out
alright tell me if you can see a security code in this image? if not i won't use this method again
alright tell me what flavor this one is and
alright tell me what this is
alright then. i was just wondering if someone could describe this picture to me
alright this is a closer picture. see the flavor on at
alright trying to see as much information about this sticker as possible. it's on a piece of furniture that i'd like to get. i need the model, serial number, where it was sold, price if possible, anything that you think might be helpful. . let me know
alright what is the expiration on this carton of milk
alright you can talk now. but it's still says recording
alright, again, sorry i'm just getting used to the camera thing, i've never used it before. but hopefully you'll be able to tell what label it is now if you're not well then just leave it
alright, and what does this label say
alright, expiration date on this other carton of milk
alright, how about now? are the instructions visible
alright, i found the input button. now i'm wondering if i have to select something onscreen to change and if anyone has a vizio tv that would help me out, as well
alright, i think this might be sticker on my vacuum. i need the model number and the serial number if it's visible, or direct me to adjust. thanks
alright, last try on this. i think i know what it is but try to tell me, thanks
alright, take three, let's see if we can see text on this piece of paper
alright, tell me what flavor this is
alright, tell me what flavor this one is
alright, try to read this dialogue box and tell me how to get through it and what it says
alright. i'm trying to get a number off of this card and i was wondering if you could be able to read that to me
alright. if you could tell what the screen says, that would be helpful
alright. now we're recording. i will record a bit and then robert will record a bit. one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
alrighty, well hopefully that is a bit of a better picture. guess we'll see. yeah, looking forward to that photo correction tip, certainly will be helpful
am i closer to the heavy cycle now? i went up about ten clicks
am i facing the camera the right direction
am i getting closer to the heavy cycle
am i in the dark
am i pointing to a black or white wire
am i right when i say that this string is blank
am i still at the log in screen or did i make it to the desktop
am i still at the login screen
am i still at the login screen and if i am how do i get to the user name bbm99756 using keyboard commands only
am i wearing socks
amy what picture is this that's showing up
an atom of which of these elements most likely forms an ion? al, br, ca or mg
and another try. did i get the model number this time
and could you also tell me the expiration on this bottle
and does it look like it has water damage done to it
and how big is it
and i don't think there's a car, can we try again on this one
and if pills are in the box
and now it goes dead
and then after you ask the question it vibrates to let you know, i hope. no, it's doing it. well
and this
and what are your hours or do you work all night
and what does this label say? thanks
and what flavor is this pasta sauce
and what is this
and what is this picture
and what kind of beets are these
and what kind of is this
and what kind of oatmeal is this
and what kind of oatmeal is this one
and what type of seats are these
and what's the name of this package of chocolates
android device, phone, that works for the blind
answer the questions
answer these
answer these questions
answer this question
any clouds in the sky
any clue what this box is? thanks in advance for your help
any copying instructions
any idea what is on the sofa supposed to be
any information in this cup
any phone number written here
any visible text on this screen currently
any water bugs or anything
any writing on this
any writing on this package
anyone know what this is
anyone want to take a stab at the serial number for this product
anything on this label
anything visible on the screen
apple coffee number
are all the stones there
are any of these cans garbanzo and if so which one? starting from left to right
are any of you girls
are both cases the same color
are both these the same shoe
are either one of these evaporated milk
are my clothes dirty
are my numbers that i must match
are my posters lined up
are my shoes on the correct feet
are my shoes on the right way
are my shorts dirty
are some of the stripes in the shirt grey
are the altoids sugar free
are the christmas tree light on
are the cooking instructions for this
are the desktop icons on the computer screen visible
are the directions showing now
are the directions visible now
are the instructions for the oven on this product
are the instructions on this box
are the lights on in this room
are the lights on or off
are the lights on or off i can't tell
are the lights on or off? i would like to know
are the lights turned on, on the modem? are the lights turned on, on the modem
are the red knobs on the outside or the red knobs on the inside of these speaker selectors
are the stripes horizontal or vertical
are the stripes red
are there any 8x8 directions on this side of the box
are there any birds in the tree
are there any birds in the trees
are there any clouds and if so what are they
are there any coat in this picture? what is it
are there any directions on this package that tell me how to cook these beats
are there any fleas on my dog
are there any ingredients in this bottle of body spray
are there any interim stages of cooking, like, turning or shaking or anything like that
are there any labels on the jacks of this device
are there any lights on in this room
are there any lights on on my router
are there any number on this paper and if so what are they
are there any pictures on this tv
are there any red lines or scripts anything on the screen
are there any red lines or strips or anything on the screen
are there any stones missing out of this
are there any writing or logos on the iphone screen? if there is writing, what does it say
are there any writing or logos on this iphone screen? if there's writing, what does it say
are there baking directions available on this pizza box
are there baking instructions visible on this box? if so, what are they
are there big leaves on this plant
are there candles in this window
are there chemicals in this product
are there cooking instructions anywhere on this package? i've taken a picture from quite a distance. and if there are cooking instructions tell me what they are
are there cool ranch doritos or sour cream and onion chips
are there directions on the back of this box
are there directions on this side of the box
are there grey stripes in this shirt
are there heating instructions on this packet
are there hidden instructions with this
are there microwaveable instructions for this pizza
are there numbers on this keyboard? if so where are they located
are there people in here
are there shoes in the cupboard
are there sunglasses on the table
are these
are these bad for me
are these bananas green or yellow
are these beets
are these black inks or dark blue
are these blue or green balls
are these blueberry or cheese
are these buttons labeled in anyway
are these cards face up and if so what are they, left to right
are these cds or dvds
are these cheese or blueberry
are these chocolate or vanilla cookies
are these dark blue jeans
are these flowers
are these fruit crisps
are these fully cooked sausages
are these gourmet franks or polish sausages
are these grapes and if so are they healthy
are these instructions for setup
are these jeans stained
are these low cut or crew
are these maple sausages fully cooked
are these mushrooms edible
are these my blue or orange tennis shoes
are these my sunglasses or my reading glasses
are these pants
are these pants black
are these pants grey or tan or black
are these plain or chili cheese fritos
are these postage stamps right side up or upside down
are these red and green starlight mints or spearmint starlight mints
are these red or green balls
are these regular chips or salt and vinegar chips
are these regular chips or salt-and-vinegar chips
are these regular chips, or salt and vinegar chips
are these regular chips? or salt and vinegar chips
are these regular envelopes or security
are these regular or salt and vinegar chips
are these regular potato chips or salt and vinegar chips
are these regular potato chips, or salt and vinegar chips
are these sausages cooked
are these sausages fully cooked
are these shoes acceptable for springtime
are these strawberries
are these strawberry or smores flavor
are these stuffed cherry peppers or garlic
are these the apple cinnamon or strawberry cereal bars
are these the new earpods
are these turkey or chicken
are these two shirts the same color? if so what color? if not what colors
are those dvds or cds and what does it say on the disks
are those piano keys
are we in there like swimwear
are you a volunteer
are you able to eat this product if you have a nut intolerance
are you able to read any of these instructions
are you able to read my fortune
are you able to read that label
are you able to read this business card
are you able to read this label
are you able to read what is on this k cup now
are you able to read what this food item is on this box
are you able to see how much water to use
are you able to see the directions in this photo? if so, what are they
are you able to see the flavor
are you able to see the name of the seasoning on this one
are you able to see the screen? what does it say
are you able to see the security on this for me
are you able to see the selected options i have? do you see where it says highlighted
are you able to see what flavor this is
are you able to see what flavor this is and the scent
are you able to see what my computer screen says? if so what does it say
are you able to see what the calories might be
are you able to see what this card is for
are you able to see what this says
are you able to tell if there is any mold on the bread
are you able to tell if this is shampoo or conditioner
are you able to tell me how far the water is from the top of this pool
are you able to tell me how far the water is from the top of this pool? i know i can't put my arm in and feel, feel it yet
are you able to tell me the button that is to the left of the start button on this dishwasher panel
are you able to tell me the color of this tee shirt and if you can read what the logo says on the front
are you able to tell me what button is to the left of the start button on this dishwasher panel
are you able to tell me what these buttons say starting with the ones on the left and then what the ones on the right say
are you able to tell me what this shirt looks like
are you able to tell what flavor this is
are you able to tell what is in the photo? what text is on the computer screen
are you able to tell what it is now
are you able to tell what kind this one is
are you able to tell what temperature i have this on
are you able to tell what temperature this is on
are you able to tell what this is
are you an animal
are you going to tell me what the knob is on and if i need to go to the left or right to find the heavy load
are you guys supposed to answer the questions or are you suppose to transcribe the text? i'm trying to help someone use this program and it doesn't seem to be working
are you ready to put up or shut up
around the clouds
as has been requested from taking the previous photo and uploading it, i've turned the cam to the right. hopefully you can see the image clearly including the logo and the text and identify what
ask the question. what is this
at christmas
audio book is this
author and title of this book
awesome, that would really help., bye
baby tell what this picture is
baking directions
barcode is this
based on this image what would you say is a good method of either turning the canned item or camera so the expiration date is visible
basically this is just my first photo. which as far as i can tell i've shut it out of the kitchen window. so, what am i looking at
be quiet. who is the driver, sponsor or number of this truck
being blind, would you say that this bird is a beautiful bird or what's your opinion
blank audio
body lotion or body wash
book is this
box flower remedy is this
brahma the creator,shiva the destroyer and vishnu the preserver are the three major gods of hinduism, the larges religion in the
brand is this shirt
brand name
brandon. what name is it
bus stop
business card
button, and which is the cool and heat button? or slider button
by looking at a picture and someone else on the internet is looking at it too. and your job is to guess the label of the picture that the other person is guessing. and if you agree
c tell me what percentagbe of being done the process is here
c'mon. i'm getting the wait thing
caffeinated or decaf
caffeinated or decaffeinated
caffeinated or decaffeinated coffee
calculate this
call that plate that guides the gear stick
calorie count for this product
calorie count in this product
cam you tell me what these are
camp sites s and g are on opposite sides of a lake. a survey crew made the measurements shown on the diagram. what is the distance between the two camp sites? the diagram is not a scale
can anybody read what is on this can
can anybody tell me about this doll? it's 4 inches tall
can anybody tell me the title of this book
can anybody tell me what this is or how old it is
can anybody tell what is in the picture i took
can anyone see the date on this
can anyone tell me what is on that screen
can anyone tell me what is this
can anyone tell me what the savings or discount card may be
can anyone tell me what these two flavors of chobani yogurt are
can anyone tell me what's actually on the screen of the laptop
can anyone tell what this can is? it said press stop. this is a problem i ran into earlier. like i press record and then it froze
can contents
can describe this bag and what kind it is
can describe this card to me, its orientation
can describe this photo for me in this detail, ? and give me tips if i need to adjust the angle. thanks
can i ask about anything or any information without taking any pictures
can i connect two door bells to this unit
can i find out what kind of t.v. this is
can i get a brief description for this cell phone case
can i get a description of what this christmas tree ornament is
can i get a specific answer? what is on this card and is it right side up or upside down
can i get the name of the team for rickey henderson
can i get the player's name and the year and date of the car, if it's available
can i go now
can i have a description of the clouds in the sky in this picture
can i have a description of the clouds in this picture
can i have a descriptions of the clouds and sky in this picture
can i have someone tell me type kind of t.v. this is
can i have someone tell me what type of tv this is
can i have the directions to prepare this? thanks
can i hear it
can i load in on this screen
can i take pictures 24 hours, or do you close at a certain time
can i take this with cough medicine
can i take this? is this too strong
can i use it on my face
can i use this for a headache
can i use this product to wash the kitchen floor
can i use this to wash a kitchen floor
can i wear these two pieces together? do they match
can identify this bottle? shampoo, conditioner or lotion
can see what is on the screen, like is it a log in screen or anything like that
can somebody tell me the color of this shield
can somebody tell me what is on the screen
can somebody tell me what kind of tv this is
can somebody tell me what this is
can somebody tell me what this is and what kind of flavor is it
can someone read the screen to me? i'm trying to figure out if my windows 7 insulation completed successfully
can someone recognize some kind of label on this network adapter
can someone tell me the content of this tin
can someone tell me what anything on this paper says
can someone tell me what color this stuffed animal is
can someone tell me what i take a picture of
can someone tell me what is in this package
can someone tell me what kind of flag this is and what country
can someone tell me what that is
can someone tell me what the date is
can someone tell me what the security question is on the screen
can someone tell me what this can is
can someone tell me what this is
can someone tell me what this is a bottle of
can someone tell me what this item is before i wrap it as a christmas gift
can someone tell me what time it is? i need to know now. what time is it
can someone tell me what type of meat is in this package? i'm not sure, i can't identify it
can tell me what city and year this is
can tell me what the conventional oven instructions are as far as the temperature for the oven, number of minutes, and whether i need to puncture the surface
can tell me what this is and
can tell me what this, the bag is, that i just took a picture of
can tell what flavor this is
can tell what is in this packet
can that candy bar be identified
can the you see the expiration date
can this be put in the microwave
can this glue be used at 30 degrees fahrenheit
can this sweater work with business attire as well as with a more casual outfit
can we describe the design shown
can we possible see the three digit code on this card? i need the security code. thanks
can we still use the product and not be part of the study
can we tell what kind of beer this is
can't the brand be read off this tag, or anything off this tag be read, thanks
can, tell me what this is
cancel this
candy is this
card to me . . you guys are doing a wonderful job
cathy tell me what this is a can of
cd is this
ceremony is done, speech is done. time to go
check one, two, one two three four. check one two
checked what color is it? alright got it on
cheese buckets
chicken or tuna
cleaning. what is it
clouds in the sky in this picture and if so what color are they and what do they look like
clouds in the sky look like
clouds look like rain clouds
coffee come from
coffee is this
coffee mate is this
cold medicine is this
cold you tell me what type of hea;thy choice dinner this is? thanks
color are the walls
color are the. what color are the boots
color are these shoes
color is my shirt
color is that
color is that, what color is that
color is the bookshelf
color is the car
color is the handle on this bag
color is the keyboard
color is the light
color is the shirt
color is the sunset
color is this
color is this bag
color is this book
color is this shirt
color is this shirt. what color is this shirt
color is this shirt? what color is my shirt
color is this stone
color is this t-shirt
color is this what color is this
color is this? what color is this
color marker is this
color of my shirt
color of shirt
color of the flower
color of the sunset
color of this top
color of top
color. color. color. color. it's not a striped bed sheet, i don't care that it has a design. color. color. if you're not
colors are in these flowers on this dress
come back in
come in with these
come on, you guys, tell me what is on my screen
computer screen showing
confirm the oven setting
consuming which of the following can help raise the absorption of alcohol in the blood stream? cordillius, coffee, carbon hydrate drinks or high protein
contents
contents of can
cookies are these
cooking directions
cooking instructions for this product
could i get all the characters in this one
could i get the expiration date on this can
could i have the characters actually show up better this time
could i have the expiration date of this can
could it possibly be fish
could someone tell me exactly what this item is before i wrap it as a gift
could someone tell me how to send a picture message with my e-mail
could someone tell me what kind of hand cream is in this tube
could someone tell me what on earth this device is - i wish it didn't post this morning
could someone tell me what scent of body spray this is? thanks
could someone tell me what set this is
could this be a dishwasher
could this be spaghetti sauce
could this pass as a white shirt
could you describe me the photo
could you describe the artistic aspects of this for me
could you describe the color of this necklace
could you describe the colors of this polo shirt to me
could you describe the pattern on this
could you describe this poster to me
could you describe this shirt as best as possible? i know it's a t-shirt, but i don't know what kind it is
could you describe this shirt to me
could you describe this t-shirt the cloth and what the pattern or picture is on the back
could you describe what this washing machine is set on
could you describe what you see in this photo? i don't need a huge description but this is for a blind person, so i know nothing and some body sent me this
could you describe whats on this label
could you describe, at least to your abilities, the haircut on this page, and i'm taking about the after one, not the before one, thanks
could you explain this picture in detail, if you can
could you give me serial number and my tag off of the bottom of my laptop here
could you give me the name and possible the brand of lavender bath soap this is
could you help me reading the wireless key on the back of the modem
could you help me with the color of the lip gloss
could you identify cookie instructions for the product
could you identify the subject
could you identify this bottle for me
could you identify this box
could you identify this object
could you identify this product
could you identify whether this is a picture
could you provide to me cooking instructions for this product
could you rate the contents
could you read me the card
could you read me the card? thanks
could you read that capture number for me
could you read the bill
could you read the capture image
could you read the information displayed in this photo including the event and dates
could you read the text on this label
could you read the writing that's on this tag
could you read this
could you read this? it's a captcha from a website, thanks
could you read what is on this charger
could you read what the buttons are on this scanner? from left to right
could you see the order number on that necklace and bracelet or do i have to take the picture again
could you solve this captcha for me
could you tell are these jeans blue or black
could you tell if this is hamburger meat or sausage
could you tell me about where this doll is sitting
could you tell me color this is? what color is this
could you tell me exactly what is on this computer screen and the options
could you tell me how much the scale registers that i weigh ? in advance
could you tell me how much this is
could you tell me if i need to hit enter or actually tell if i need to do something else
could you tell me if it took the picture of the tv stand
could you tell me if the dial in the picture is set to the normal setting
could you tell me if there's an actual captcha code on the screen? and if there is, what does it say for the website
could you tell me if this is a good picture of the tv stand
could you tell me if this is chicken tikka masala with rice
could you tell me if this is my dusty strings shirt
could you tell me if this is regular coffee or decaffeinated
could you tell me if this top or shirt is either black or white
could you tell me if you are able to see any text on this patch
could you tell me something about this shirt? like maybe the colors since all the color id's i have don't seem to work very well, and is there anything else i should know about it? thanks
could you tell me the brand name of this jacket
could you tell me the color of this
could you tell me the color of this shirt
could you tell me the colors and the images of this towel if it's possible
could you tell me the cooking instructions of this food on this box, and if not where to find my camera in order to read them
could you tell me the cooking instructions on this box, ? and if not, tell me how to guide my camera
could you tell me the daily saturated fat value of this food is
could you tell me the expiration date on this can and if not could you tell me how to put my camera so you can read it
could you tell me the expiration date on this can? and if you can't read it, could you tell me how to point my camera so you can read it
could you tell me the flavor of this coffee ? i might have the wrong side
could you tell me the flavor of this coffee bean
could you tell me the name and possibly the model number of the coffee maker in this picture
could you tell me the name brand of this case
could you tell me the name noted here
could you tell me the name of that
could you tell me the name of this book
could you tell me the name of this cd or dvd
could you tell me the nokia model number
could you tell me the pin mentioned on this wireless router? i think it's a six or eight digit number
could you tell me the recipe of this packet
could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this box
could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this can
could you tell me the sodium content of the food in this can? thanks
could you tell me the sodium content of the pot pie in this box
could you tell me the sodium content of this can
could you tell me the sodium content of this pot pie
could you tell me the sodium content of this tin
could you tell me the title and if you cannot see it, tell me what i have to do
could you tell me the title of this book
could you tell me the type of wine, the region, and the year on this label, and any other pertinent information
could you tell me the usage instructions for this shampoo
could you tell me the usage instructions of this shampoo
could you tell me what bakery that is set on
could you tell me what box of food this is
could you tell me what brand this is
could you tell me what brand this is, and what color it is
could you tell me what can this is
could you tell me what coffee this if you can distinguish it from the box since taking pictures is not my forte
could you tell me what color that is
could you tell me what color the bracelet is i'm wearing? is it black, like onyx? thank yo
could you tell me what color the bracelet is that i'm wearing
could you tell me what color the necklace is
could you tell me what color these beads are
could you tell me what color these pants are
could you tell me what color these trousers are
could you tell me what color these trousers are, ? thanks
could you tell me what color this cable is
could you tell me what color this crotchet piece of yarn is
could you tell me what color this cup is
could you tell me what color this is
could you tell me what color this is skirt is that i'm wearing
could you tell me what color this is? what it is
could you tell me what color this jumper is
could you tell me what color this shirt is
could you tell me what color this shirt is ? thanks
could you tell me what color this shirt is and describe it
could you tell me what color this shirt is? is it the same as the first one
could you tell me what color this skirt is
could you tell me what color this skirt is. is it blue or black
could you tell me what color this sofa is
could you tell me what color this tee shirt is
could you tell me what factor this suntan lotion is
could you tell me what flavor of tea this is? i know it's a glass jar, and i know it's tea
could you tell me what flavor this is
could you tell me what food is with this can
could you tell me what is in the can
could you tell me what is in the packet
could you tell me what is in this bag
could you tell me what is in this box
could you tell me what is in this can
could you tell me what is in this container
could you tell me what is in this jar
could you tell me what is in this package
could you tell me what is in this tin
could you tell me what is on my screen
could you tell me what is on the screen
could you tell me what is on the screen of my computer
could you tell me what is on this can
could you tell me what is on this laptop monitor? what's it showing
could you tell me what is on this shirt
could you tell me what is the name of this on this bottle
could you tell me what is this
could you tell me what it is and what color is it
could you tell me what it says on the tv screen
could you tell me what item this is
could you tell me what kind of bill this is? because i'm looking for a twenty and i think this is a ten but i cannot really tell
could you tell me what kind of cd case is this
could you tell me what kind of cellphone this is
could you tell me what kind of chips these are
could you tell me what kind of coffee this is, ? the flavor
could you tell me what kind of keurig coffee this box is
could you tell me what kind of meat this is
could you tell me what kind of pasta or whatever it is that's in this box
could you tell me what kind of pudding this is
could you tell me what kind of salad dressing this is
could you tell me what magazine this is? just curious
could you tell me what medication that is and if it has something for sleep in it and in advance
could you tell me what medication this is
could you tell me what model of griffin transmitter this is
could you tell me what movie this is? and if you can not, could you tell me what i have to do in order for you to see it
could you tell me what my serial number is from my microsoft word office disk
could you tell me what page number this is and it's right-side up or upside down
could you tell me what scent this is
could you tell me what size these are
could you tell me what temperature set on fine
could you tell me what temperature the oven is at
could you tell me what that is
could you tell me what the captcha says
could you tell me what the consignment number on this card is. i need it for... thanks
could you tell me what the correct item is? i know you guys think it's probably funny to give all sorts of kinds of answers, but it wouldn't be funny if you couldn't see it
could you tell me what the eye color of this cat is? it's a stray
could you tell me what the label on that bottle says
could you tell me what the label on the bottle says? thanks
could you tell me what the label on this cd says. in advance
could you tell me what the label says on this can
could you tell me what the logo is on this tshirt
could you tell me what the picture is on the front of this shirt
could you tell me what the security code in the picture on the screen says
could you tell me what the security code is on the screen
could you tell me what the temperature and the room temperature is
could you tell me what these are
could you tell me what these options say? do this list from top to bottom
could you tell me what these tablets are
could you tell me what these tablets are and any identifying information on them
could you tell me what this bottle is of
could you tell me what this bottle is? many thanks
could you tell me what this bottle says
could you tell me what this box belongs to? what the content of the box, if it shows a picture of something
could you tell me what this brochure is
could you tell me what this can is
could you tell me what this can of food is
could you tell me what this card says or what it appears to be
could you tell me what this cd cover says and what the picture of it on it is
could you tell me what this fragrance is
could you tell me what this is
could you tell me what this is, ? thanks
could you tell me what this is? very much
could you tell me what this item is
could you tell me what this item is? is it a cd, and could you tell me what is the title of the cd
could you tell me what this picture is
could you tell me what this product is
could you tell me what this says
could you tell me what this screen is saying approximately
could you tell me what this shirt says
could you tell me what this thing is
could you tell me what this tin is
could you tell me what this video is called
could you tell me what this, tell me what this is
could you tell me what type of box this is
could you tell me what type of medication this is
could you tell me what whiskey this is
could you tell me what wrestles
could you tell me whats in this bottle
could you tell me whats the name of this soup
could you tell me when this note expires
could you tell me where the cooking instructions are on this box and how to guide my camera in order to read them
could you tell me where the food, or what kind of food is on this label
could you tell me which color of shirt this is
could you tell me which flavor of pringles this is
could you tell me which food is in this bowl
could you tell me which kind of chips they are, or what kind of chips they are
could you tell me which line of those two makeup products is the one with the glitters in it, because i cannot see the differences between those two boxes
could you tell me which ones are decaffeinated and which ones are caffeinated
could you tell me which soup this is
could you tell me which, from, who's this letter from, 'cause i obviously can't read it
could you tell me who this letter is from
could you tell me who this to and from
could you tell my what kind of oil this is
could you tell the contents of this package ? . good morning
could you tell what brand of wine this is
could you tell what kind of fruit this is? because i think it's a mango but i'm not sure, it looks like an apple
could you tell what this item is
could you tell which flavor this is
creamer is this
creamy or chunky
crock pot settings from left to right
crock pot settings. tell me what they are and what setting the arrow is on? thanks
cup of dessert is this? what cup of dessert is this
curious what types of pants these are and what color they are? tell
currently on the screen, which option is selected
dark for ironing clothes
dark, because it's already dark
de que color es
de que colores
decaf or regular coffee
delete that picture
describe all the picture in this link
describe any pattern you see in the table
describe any patterns you see in the table
describe card and any writing on card
describe for me what's going on outside the window? just curious
describe in detail what is happening on the screen or what is on the screen
describe it for me
describe it throughly, what you can see
describe items in picture
describe me the detail of the food in this packet
describe me this picture
describe my dog
describe my shirt
describe my shirt i'm having trouble taking a picture
describe that flower to me
describe that, describe that to me
describe the
describe the cap i am wearing
describe the cap i'm wearing? is there any writing on the cap
describe the card and is it right side up
describe the card and it's orientation
describe the card and its orientation
describe the cards and its orientation
describe the color and pattern of this wrapping paper
describe the color of curtains
describe the colors and picture in this t-shirt
describe the colors in this chart
describe the colors in this pair of socks
describe the colors of this shirt, thanks
describe the controls in their positions
describe the design of this shirt
describe the dog
describe the garment and the color
describe the kitty in the picture
describe the label
describe the layout of this panel
describe the logo on the cup so i can explain it to someone else
describe the monitor
describe the painting
describe the pattern and color of this bag
describe the pattern of this fabric
describe the pattern of this shirt, and the color
describe the pattern on the shirt i'm wearing. colors and everything
describe the person who is in front of me
describe the photo
describe the photo outside the text
describe the photo which is displayed on this computer screen
describe the photo which is outside the text
describe the picture
describe the picture in this screen in the
describe the picture to me
describe the process of when you receive a picture? what do you do
describe the scene in front of me
describe the scene in this photograph
describe the scenery
describe the screen
describe the shirt
describe the tablecloth
describe the tie
describe the towel
describe these flowers as well
describe these flowers to me
describe these shoes
describe this
describe this bag for me? what color, and what pattern
describe this bag, color and pattern
describe this bar of chocolate for me
describe this big chart behind in my finger
describe this bottle to me
describe this box to me
describe this car to me
describe this car(card?) to me
describe this card
describe this card and any writing on it
describe this card and it's orientation
describe this card and its orientation
describe this card and then is it upside down
describe this card in this orientation
describe this card to me
describe this card to me and it's orientation? whether or not it's upside down or right side up
describe this card to me and its orientation
describe this card to me in its orientation
describe this card to me it's orientation
describe this card to me its for orientation
describe this card to me? and its denomination and its orientation
describe this card to me? it's orientation
describe this card? and is it right side up or right side down
describe this cars orientation
describe this distinguished gentleman
describe this dog
describe this dress
describe this flower to me
describe this fluffy dog. is she panting? is she sitting or standing? what does she look like and what is she doing
describe this for me
describe this garment color
describe this gift card
describe this guide to me? and whether or not it's upside down
describe this item
describe this label
describe this label to me
describe this object
describe this orange
describe this page
describe this painting
describe this painting to me? thanks
describe this photo
describe this photo for me
describe this photo including any text
describe this photograph
describe this picture
describe this picture into monitor
describe this picture to me
describe this place
describe this poster
describe this puppy dog
describe this shirt
describe this shirt to me
describe this shirt, the picture, and what it says
describe this shirt. take two. thanks
describe this shirt? thanks
describe this sunday to me
describe this sweater
describe this t-shirt
describe this t-shirt to me
describe this tablecloth
describe this tan to me.0
describe this things
describe this tie
describe this to me
describe to me the layout of this keypad
describe to me what is on the card and its orientation
describe to me what is on the page and its orientation
describe to me what this picture looks like
describe to me what you see in this shot
describe to me what you see outside
describe what is in picture
describe what is in this picture
describe what is on the case of this dvd
describe what is on the counter and also color of counter and tiles and anything else you can see, very much
describe what is on the front of my shirt
describe what is on the paga and his orientation
describe what is on this box to me
describe what is on this newspaper
describe what is on this page
describe what is on this screen to me
describe what that looks like
describe what this is or state any writing that's on it
describe what this page looks like
describe what you are looking at
describe what you can see of this person to me
describe what you can see. plants or pictures or colors, anything like that. describe the surroundings
describe what you can see. very much
describe what you see in this photo
describe what you see on the screen? hopefully it's some sort of a menu. i'm trying to boot from a usb flash drive, or maybe it'll say removable media, something like that. maybe, maybe tell me what
describe what you see on the television screen in this photo
describe what you seein this photo
describe what's outside the window
describe whats in this picture to me
describe whats in this pitcher
description this box picture of his
description this box picture. thanks for help
description this box? thanks
description this package
description this picture and color, thanks
descriptions this, pictures in color
desktop success very much
detail of picture. i want to know detail of picture
determine what kind of cereal this is
determine what kind of hot cereal this might be? thanks for your help
did a pack of chips
did i get a good picture of the cat?did i get a good picture of the cat
did i get a good shot of this guys face, and hair do
did i get the super moon
did i manage to uncrinkle it enough to be readable? tell where this receipt is from
did i stain my shirt on the way to work? if you can't see the whole thing, how would you recommend i position the camera
did i take a picture of a nightstand
did i take this picture right
did i win
did it...does it look like it's going to storm
did that help any
did that picture work
did you hear my question
did you see a picture of a black dog lying on a bed
did you see any dialogue boxes telling me that i needed to perform a specific task
did you see any haze
did you see what is in this can
did you tell me which color my t-shirt is? because i'm not sure. i think it's purple, but it could be, i think it could be black, too because i've got two of those shirts
didn't do it. maybe i did. isn't talking to me. what color are my pants
didn't work. what is it
dinner bowl is this
dinner is this
disc is this
disk is this
display say
do fingertips look - do fingertips look blue
do i have a rash
do i have a sock on and what color is it
do i have a stain on my shirt
do i have all my toes still
do i have any missing calls
do i have icons on my desktop on the screen
do i have on a gold bracelet or a silver bracelet
do i have on a gold or a silver bracelet
do i have to enter in a captcha
do i have to hit anything? any key combination to make it work
do i have to ho - oh. what is this
do i look like in this picture
do i match
do i need another drink
do i need new toilet paper
do i need to go to the right or left to get to the heavy load end. about how far do you think
do my clothes match
do my shoes match
do my sneakers match
do not know if i have gotten of both pictures of both items. i would like to know if they go together, but you may have
do the clouds in this picture look like storm clouds
do the clouds look like circles? or are they puffy and really grey
do the clouds look like rain clouds or storm clouds or are they just regular cumulo-nimbus clouds
do the clouds look like storm clouds
do the clouds look like storm clouds, or white puffy ones
do the clouds look like storm clouds? what i'm saying is does it look like it's going to rain here or storm
do the clouds look like they're building up for a big storm
do the clouds look like they're storm clouds
do the dark clouds look like rain clouds and are they grey
do the grayest clouds this morning look like storm clouds or just regular clouds
do the greyest clouds this morning look like storm clouds, or just regular clouds
do the stones look real
do their clothes that this person is wearing match
do these beans look like black beans or pinto beans
do these black pants appear to have blood stains on them
do these clothes look dirty
do these clothes match
do these colors look good together
do these colors match or clash
do these go together
do these jeans appear to have blood stains on them
do these pair of pants appear to have any stain on them
do these pair of pants happen to have blood stains on them
do these pair of shorts and this shirt match? i know they are womens clothing. if you don't know if they match, what colors are they
do these pants and shirt go together
do these pants go with this shirt
do these pants have stains on them
do these pieces of clothing match? is it a good combination together
do these shorts and shirt match
do these shorts and this shirt match
do these socks match
do these socks match in color
do these sweatpants have dog hair on them
do these two boxes look like they might be the same thing
do these two packages look like they have the same thing in them
do these two pieces of clothing go together
do this dvd
do this tie and shirt match
do we know the name of this flower
do what the semi useless upc databases have failed to do and identify this
do you find it nice to be here
do you guys even listen to the questions
do you guys read mail
do you guys see the word mac id? and if you do, what's the mac id number
do you guys see what the writing on the top of this says
do you have any idea what kind of the plant the one in the middle is
do you have any idea what this is
do you have any suggestions of how i can focus the book
do you know
do you know any app that can scan books and read them
do you know how to cook these
do you know how to take the sim off on this phone? this is galaxy nexus
do you know how to use the function button? help
do you know if i move the cursor with the tab key or the arrow key and either way how many taps do i move it
do you know this logo
do you know what kind of dog this is or what it looks like
do you know what kind of food this is
do you know what size this is
do you know what this is
do you know what this package is? i'm trying to tell, but i can't tell what it is
do you know what this pill is
do you know what time it is
do you like coffee
do you like this
do you read the text on this card
do you say sloppy joe
do you see a brand name
do you see a brand name on this side of the box? if so, tell me what it is
do you see a bug
do you see a bug anywhere
do you see a bug anywhere in this picture
do you see a color code
do you see a company name on here
do you see a keyboard now with a model number
do you see a label on this meat package of what it might be
do you see a manufacturer and what the name of the collection is
do you see a model number anywhere on the face of this device
do you see a number
do you see a number on this
do you see an error on this mac login screen
do you see an id number with a 4 in it here
do you see any bread crumbs up there
do you see any bugs
do you see any bugs in this picture
do you see any bugs or anything that doesn't belong
do you see any bugs or anything that i should be alarmed about
do you see any buttons that would allow me to turn the oven off
do you see any cans of chicken noodle soup on this cabinet
do you see any chair
do you see any corn or black beans in this picture
do you see any instructions
do you see any kind of an id number on this photo that starts with a four
do you see any kind of code on here that indicates what flavor this is
do you see any kind of water bugs or anything
do you see any number on the cd
do you see any pink lines on this device, if so how many
do you see any prominent stains on this shirt, or is it not very prominent
do you see any stains on the front of this shirt
do you see any text on the screen
do you see any type of water bugs or anything
do you see any writin' on this tag
do you see anything like waterbugs or anything in this picture
do you see anything on this screen
do you see anything on this screen that says boot order
do you see my face in the image, and if not what, which camera does the iphone use? does it use the front or back and how should i focus it
do you see on this fridge
do you see steak on this menu
do you see the dragon here
do you see the river from there, from this perspective
do you see what this is and if there's a website address to go
do you see? what do you see
do you tell me what kind of car this is
do you think i just need to press enter or does the cursor need moved first
do you think i need to shave my legs
do you think it is delicious
do you think my wife's decorating is any good or should i kick her out
do you think this is a natural blonde
do you think this is business casual? question mark
do you think this outfit would be good for when i go to the court
do you think this shirt could be for business casual, question mark
do you think this shirt would go with these jeans, and if you could confirm the color of the shirt
does a disk
does anybody know what i've just photographed
does anybody know what this is
does anyone know what kind of dog this is
does anyone know what kind of tree this is
does anyone know what this is and what its use is? a student of mine had it, it looks like a perfect fidget but someone said it might be for sailing
does buddy's face look cute or not
does does this sign say
does hamenton believe that the government's power should be weak or strong
does he love me
does htis by any chance show how many ounces
does is say whether its apple or lemon on this edge? if someone is out there, a web worker, let me know, at least, if you're trying
does it happen to say if it's homestyle
does it have any writing on it
does it look like a storm is coming in
does it look like i have worms in my stool? get back to me
does it look like it could rain, the way the clouds look in the sky
does it look like it's boiling now
does it look sunny outside
does it not say on the box what it is inside
does it said anything about this been fully cooked
does it say
does it say anything
does it say anything in this box? read it
does it say anything on this side of the card
does it say anything on this side of the note
does it say anything on this tag? how can i make it so i can clearly focus a tag, and it can be read
does it say how much equals one egg
does it say on the front of this card
does it say on the label what this usher product is for
does it say on this box
does it say on this too
does it say that? it says record a question. i think
does it say what kind of tablets are in this bubble wrap if so tell me what they are
does it say what kind of wand that is? does it say what kind of wand that is? it's a wand from ? but i don't know what material it's made of
does it say what this is
does it still say loading windows or is it to the restore
does it tell the fragrance of the hand cream
does it tell what is in this can of food
does it the bag
does like where i need to be? and i just wanted to say for all of your help
does my computer screen need cleaning
does my tie match my shirt
does my white cane look clean
does practice make perfect? we'll try this later again
does she look like
does show the brand of sippy-cup? no, i asked the application if this
does that look clean
does that matt have air
does that say
does that say what kind of frozen dinner it is? i cant tell myself
does that sign say
does the answer yes mean that it's calming, or does the answer yes mean that it's bedtime? i'm not clear on the answer that was given
does the back of this box show what languages are supported in the movie
does the clouds look like storm clouds or rain clouds
does the color of this pom pom go with the color of this hat
does the computer screen have anything on it? question mark
does the computer screen say
does the guy in this photo look fair or dark
does the label say
does the pant and this shirt match and can it be worn together
does the photo in question look like a boil
does the picture shown show air conditioning dials? if so, what does the air conditioning dials say on them
does the purple go with these capris
does the red scarf with... i think is silver, gold things on it, match the brown
does the screen say
does the screen say anything
does the screen say anything now
does the screen say anything, show any text or color at all
does the sky look like in this picture
does the tag say
does the tan scarf match this brown dress
does the truck in this picture look like
does the word balm, b a l m, appear on this bottle or this container of usher product
does there appear to be a coffee stain on that part of my shirt
does this appear to be going bad
does this bag have a label on it? and if so, what does it say
does this bag have a label on it? if so, what does it say
does this bottle say bottle lotion or shower gel
does this box have a brand name on it, and if so, tell me what it is
does this box have any decorations on it
does this box have instructions for 8x8 pan size. if so, can i know what they are
does this box say anything
does this box say breakfast blend or donut shop
does this box say donut shop or breakfast blend
does this box say what this item is
does this broccoli look moldy at all
does this can say
does this cap say anything? does this cap have any label on it
does this car look to have water damage on it
does this card have husband or wife on it
does this cheese have mold
does this chicken look cooked
does this clothes match
does this coffee decaf
does this contain chemicals
does this contain regular or diet soda
does this contain sugar
does this cream say anything
does this cup look old or in other words, could i give it to guests
does this cup look old? or in other words, could i give it to guests
does this cup say tim horton's or timothy's coffee of the world
does this digital player have a model number
does this display say
does this fan have metal, and what color is it? question mark
does this floor look clean
does this foundation powder have any sunscreen
does this have a brand name
does this have a date
does this have a price on it
does this have any writing on it
does this have caffeine
does this have ends
does this have flowers or shells on it
does this have jalapenos
does this have shells or flowers on it
does this have sugar
does this headset look like it's charging
does this hear my dog bark
does this here look okay, the bread, look okay
does this jewelry and this outfit match
does this jewelry and this outfit match well together
does this jewelry match this outfit
does this just say microsoft or does it also give the product number
does this label it, read
does this look clean
does this look dirty
does this look good on me since i am very petite
does this look like excedrin
does this look like it's boiling
does this look like sheet music
does this mail slot have anything written about what kind of letter's can go in there
does this mail slot have anything written about what kind of letters can go in there
does this match
does this medicine treat fever
does this microwave say now
does this microwave say on it
does this milk expire
does this milk have an expiry date
does this necklace and this shirt match
does this need to be refrigerated
does this onion look ok it's already been cut
does this onion look okay
does this outfit go together? hopefully there's enough light
does this outfit go together? thanks
does this outfit look coordinated
does this outfit look good? does it match
does this outfit match
does this oven seem ready
does this packet for a cd have anything on it, or is it blank
does this page have a signature on it or is it blank
does this pair of socks match
does this paper say anything about battery charger
does this part of the test show one or two lines
does this photo go with these
does this picture look bad
does this picture show
does this picture show an open fire
does this picture show? in full description
does this piece of paper on the plastic say anything
does this pregnancy test have one or two pink lines
does this pregnancy test show one or two lines in the result window
does this pregnancy test show positive two lines or negative one line
does this quarter sleeve look alright with the actual shirt and the capris
does this salad look bad? the bag feels heavy and the lettuce feels a bit soggy. thanks
does this say
does this say anything
does this say anything, or does it have any logos on it
does this say campbell's roadhouse chunky chili
does this say classic or classical
does this say it is natural peanut butter
does this say it's for cats or dogs
does this say reader's blend or beef dinner
does this say readers brand of beef dinner
does this say tax information? does this say tax information
does this say the wattage of the bulb, and if it does, what's the wattage
does this say what type of wine this is
does this screen say anything
does this shirt and pants go together
does this shirt and pants match
does this shirt go with this skirt
does this shirt go with this skirt, question mark
does this shirt have bleached spots on it
does this shirt match this tie
does this shirt say
does this shoe have a stiletto heel
does this show a picture on the box
does this side have writing on it
does this side of the box say anything? type of coffee or whatnot
does this side of the box say what type of coffee
does this skirt and blouse match
does this stack look too big
does this strip have one or two pink lines? one can be lighter than the other one
does this sweater and this shirt go together
does this talk about a fire bag
does this tea have caffeine in it
does this tell time
does this temperature read 375 degrees
does this test show one or two pink lines
does this text say
does this thing still work
does this thing work the ipad
does this thing work with the i pad
does this tissue box have aloe in it
does this top and these pants look good together
does this tray look clean
does this tree look healthy
does this truck look dented
does this wall setting look okay on my wall
does this wine have a good rating on wine spectator
does this, does this have a product on it? does it say what it is
does this? what is the ingredients
doesn't it say what the color the shoe polishes, like neutral, black? doesn't it say the color, if it's neutral, black or brown or whatever on the cover
doesn't say what flavor this is
don't know how this works or what i'm doing
don't know what the screen says
door closed
draw on this piece of paper
dvd is this
east door opened
emily? what are you doing? that's me! that's me. is that funny? don't laugh. why not
end of sandstorm is this
enters this
entire nation is this
error message on the screen
evening, ladies and gentlemen. i have a package here of some rubbish that i have to put in the microwave. could someone tell me how to cook it on a eight hundred watt microwave
everything on that
exactly is on my shirt
exactly what is this a picture of
excuse me
excuse me, tell me what is inside this bag? i know it's schwans, some kind of steaks or something, but i can't make it out
excuse me, tell me what is this thing
excuse me, tell me what you can see exactly in this picture
excuse me, what is in this bottle
excuse me, what is this product
excuse me. tell me what you can see here in this picture
excuse this
expiration date
expiration date on this
explain how determine of a solution experiment using cells
explain how you can determine the concentration of a solution experimentally using cells
explain in detail what is shown in this image
explain the image
explain the items in this photograph? there are several shot glasses and i want to know which ones are visible
explain this shirt
explain this shirt to me
explain what is on this piece of paper
explain what is written on the label on my router
explain what the label on my router says
explain what the label on the router says
explain what the lybo on my rita says
explain what this shadow
explain what you see in the photograph
face your eyes toward to this test. which kind of eyes is this
face. i'm trying to ask him a question
fall for ex
fetch the information for this
finally from left to right what are the two bottom buttons the bigger buttons on the bottom
find a key code for office 2010 on this side of the jacket
find me the answers
find out what this is
find the answers to the following questions that were provided
find the number of chairs in the hoarding cup
find the value of x
find this garnet in its color
fire side
first of all what is that image there? and i'd like you to tell me what image that is and don't send it back to me this time
first what is it
fist
five hundred bills
fix this in the microwave? or is it mostly just oven directions
flavor food is that
flavor is this
flavor of cat food
flavor of spice
flavor of these
follow the stat
following a storm last night and some patching work i had done by the garage door, do you see any dark spots or tar that splashed up on the garage door
food item
for as far as you can see what does this say
for her alone do i cook this in the microwave
for how how long do i cook this in the microwave
for how long do i cook this in the microwave
for how long do i cook this tin the microwave
for some reason, i'm getting answers back from web workers and email that don't apply to me, something about green beans and a body with headphones, and a shirt
for telling me what this is if you can
for the beautiful color comment. i was wondering though, i'm trying to get the status of this light blinking, because my computer hasn't been turned on all day
for the last one. i've gotten another card here, which i hope it's taken a picture of. so perhaps you can tell me what this picture is
for this slow cooker that i just took a picture of, what position is the knob in? is it off, high or low
for what college team is this helmet
for what this medicine used
for your help
franklin considered moral perfection to be an
from left to right what are in each of these containers
from left to right what are the contents of these bottles? options are shampoo, conditioner, and lotion
from left to right what are the controls of this crock pot from off, high, medium and low, what where's high and the
from left to right what are the two buttons below the row that has power level, defrost and quick minute? thanks
from left to right, tell me what kind of beer this is
from left to right, what are these button's labeled
from left to right, what are these buttons labeled
from left to right, what are these buttons labled
from left to right, what is in each bottle
from left to right, what is in each of the three bottles
from left to right, what is the names of these bottles
from left to right, which of these cans are coca-colas
from left to right. what are in each of these containers
from left to right... what flavors are these kinds of soup
from the power button going left tell me what the buttons are
from top to bottom, which is the color of the bill
from what you can see of the shirt in this photo, would you classify it as casual or business casual or i wouldn't be caught dead wearing this? also, does it match the pants? thanks
fuck this
fully describe what you see in this image
garbled> is that white or brown, and what is the brand name if you can identify it
get me the serial number of this device
get up from your chair, walk across the room and slap walter
getting closer to the boyle
gift card is for
gift card is this
gimme any details on that picture
give me a description of this shirt
give me a detailed formation about this picture. let's try it
give me a full description of this book. the colors, the text on it and all that stuff
give me an idea of what is on the screen
give me any information on this radio? availability, repair, other stuff? thanks
give me as much as possible as what you see on my computer screen, whether it's a windows log on or a blue screen of death or anything at all because i have a
give me cheat code
give me detail information of this laptop
give me directions for this product
give me information about this bar code
give me some information about what you see
give me the amount on the card or do i need to turn it over
give me the amount on this check
give me the answer to the captcha
give me the cooking directions for this product
give me the directions to this schwann product
give me the team name, the person's name, and hopefully the year and date
give me, give me number for this paper
given ac parallel to df, and angle abe equals to 26, find bde
go to free app
going on on the computer screen
gonna try again. i need the conventional oven temperature, the number of minutes and whether to puncture it. very much. i hope you can read this. if not give me some kind of feedback as to where to move the camera
good afternoon, i was just hoping you might be able to tell me if that picture above is the correct way up or upside down before i screw it to the wall. very much for helping out, bye
good afternoon. i have a tea cozy here. which i don't know what color it is. so if you can tell me. i need to know where i can put it in a colored or white wash
good friday
good job guys. tell me what kind of soda can this is? i'd appreciate it
good morning could you tell me what is in the can in my right hand. thanks for your assistance
good morning, could you tell me what is in the can in my right hand
good morning, id like to know what color shirt this is
good morning, is there anyone there who could tell me what the color of this skirt is ? is it blue or black
good morning, is this a christmas earring
good morning, let me know if there is an error message on the little lcd screen
good morning, we're just wondering what the label on this jar says it is
good morning, what scene of tide is this
good morning, which version of tide is this
good morning. could you tell me what flavor of keurig coffee this is? i know it's cinnamon but is it cinnamon roll, or cinnamon pastry or just what
good morning. could you tell me what is in the can in my right hand
good morning. could you tell me what this is
good morning. i just want to see what flavor dinner this way
good morning. is this necklace gold or silver? for your thought
gotta film them
grab my shirt
grab my shirt, if i took a good picture
green beans
ground beef or ground turkey which is it
guess what this is
guy in this picture look like
guy look like in the picture at this time
guy look like in this picture
happy feet
hard to say it. i'm specifically looking for some eight digit id number of some kind
has it gone dark outside yet
has she finished her drink
has that brought those buttons into focus? i'm thinking that one of them might be a skip button
has the bed been made
has the desktop shown up yet or is there some weird dialog
has the formatting finished
has the text on the screen changed
has this candle been burnt or is it new
has this dog got a name on the label? normally it does. i told you mom
has this oven gotten up to four hundred fifty degrees fahrenheit yet
have a good night
have i installed the paper correctly in this printer
have i started the system restore? thanks
have the check disk command completed and were there any messages or errors shown
haven't said enough
he said like, you know, kind of try to avoid the dog, or whatever
heads or tails
hear me better now? i have turned up the volume
hello again, i can't quite make sense of what you last said. some philips cover on the table. i actually asked you what the model number of this particular philips recorder was
hello and what kind of flavor of dinner is this one? thanks a lot for your help
hello computer
hello could you read me the image in the account, registration, the image, capture file
hello could you tell me if there is any text on this computer screen
hello could you tell me the color of this cable
hello could you tell me what color that is
hello could you tell me what this bottle is? could you tell me what the product is
hello could you tell me what this label says
hello could you tell me what this says
hello everybody, and merry christmas to all. i just want you to tell me what the cooking instructions are on this piece of meat. if there aren't any cooking instructions, could you give me any idea of to the way
hello hello hello
hello i am currently doing a podcast about this app to make business even more famous could you be so kind just tell me what i was just photographing to tell our listeners how this works thanks very much to get more information
hello i cannot tell what the captcha is on this screen. see it and tell me what it is? very much
hello i just wanted to see if you could tell what this is. thanks
hello i need to know what color my dog's coat is. i don't know what it is, thanks
hello i'm trying to label this wire. tell me what color this one is
hello im not sure what is this
hello is in front of me
hello jordan. lovely
hello on the back of this router there is a sticker with an admin password. tell me the password, very much
hello tell me the description of the product
hello tell me what a can of beans is
hello tell me what kind of product that is, and let me know the preparations instructions how to make it
hello tell me what this is or is it still-is this really blurry? very much
hello tell me what this product is
hello there can see the cooking instructions for this dish
hello there could you tell me going from left to right on this dial what the temperate range is
hello there i wanted to know what color pants this was. im visually impaired and i wanna know
hello there tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is
hello there, are you able to see what is on this lcd screen and if it's expecting any input from the user, as in, does it have a next button, back button
hello there, could you give me an idea of what is on the screen? be as specific as possible
hello there, could you tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is
hello there, could you tell me, going from left to right on this dial, what the temperature range is
hello there, how are we? i'm just taking a picture of a voice recorder, a phillips one and i want you to tell me what the model number is. i believe it's the 660 or the 662, but i do need to know
hello there, i was wondering could give me at least some idea of what is on this screen
hello there, i'm just about to put a picture up above my bed but i wonder if you might be able to tell me if it's the right way up. i know it sounds a bit silly but i'm sure you've heard sillier. if it's the right way up or upside down. i have the screws in
hello there, if you could the ingredients on this package could you tell me what the salt or sodium level is? thanks
hello there, is this windows 7 32 bit
hello there, just wondering if somebody could give me an idea what is on my computer monitor? basically the computer is not working so any information you can give me on what is on the screen would be great
hello there, read the label on this bottle
hello there, see in this photograph what the temperature ranges are on the dial
hello there, tell me what this says
hello there, tell me whatever this is
hello there. could you tell me what flavor this is
hello there. explain what the label on my router says
hello there. i know this is a dark shadows box set that i've got in my hand, or part of one anyway, but can anyone tell me how far along this is? for example, is this like dvds 1
hello there. i'm trying to sell some cds which need to be scanned in using a barcode. now i want to tell me if there's a barcode on the cd that i've just scanned in and whereabouts it is. because i can't for the life of me get the software to scan it
hello there. is there any writing in this picture? its a spherical sheer blue and i'm going to turn it right. thanks
hello there. say in this photograph what the temperature ranges are on the dial
hello there. what cd is this
hello there. what does that cd say
hello there. what is happening on this computer screen
hello there. what's written on that computer screen ? again
hello there. what's written on the screen ? very much
hello this sam hello this is sam watching tv, relaxing watching tv
hello vera, tell me any of the writing that you might be able to see on this bowl thanks
hello web workers just like to check the picture on this car
hello what is in the bag, thanks
hello what is this? i need to know what
hello what is written on the screen
hello who is this
hello, baby
hello, can anybody tell me what this is
hello, could you tell me what box of food this is? if the image is too blurry, is there any suggestions as how i can get it better into focus
hello, could you tell me what color is this
hello, could you tell me what color is this audio cable
hello, could you tell me what color that is
hello, could you tell me what is written on this screen
hello, could you tell me what see on this monitor screen
hello, could you tell my wife to call her daughters
hello, could you tell what caller this is
hello, do these socks match
hello, for answering my question. what see in this room
hello, hello, hello. you have to wait
hello, hello, this is sam. what's up with you? have a nice day, bye
hello, help me to describe what is on the picture
hello, i am blind. which button is white and says system on/off, ? and
hello, i am told this is a light, and i can touch the top of it, it's warm, but i can't tell if it's bright, if it's the bright
hello, i just want to ask if the paper has the writing on it, or what? so much
hello, i know this is febreze, but can anyone tell me what type of febreze, as in what fragrance
hello, i want to know what is my temperature? in celsius not in fahrenheit. if it's too dark just let me know. thanks
hello, i was wondering what kind of bill that is
hello, i wonder if you could tell me what color this hair is? very much
hello, i'm just about to tuck into these crisps but could someone tell me what flavor they are
hello, i'm just testing the camera on my iphone. could you tell me what you see in this picture
hello, i'm steven. could you kindly read the label for me
hello, i'm testing this again. would you see if this works? i tried swiping to it before i hit the button instead of just
hello, i'm trying to figure out what the logo on this item of clothing says
hello, i'm trying to label these wires. tell me what color this one is
hello, i'm wondering are there any applications out there like vizwiz and also are there applications that you can use to scan to read documents or read money with from the iphone
hello, i've just got a new case on my iphone, i want to make sure my camera's not obstructed. so, could you tell me what you see
hello, i've never used this app before and i'm just testing. what see
hello, it is possible for you to read the number on the card on this picture, ? very much
hello, out there, would you so kind to tell me whats on this photo? thanks a lot. martin kirtner
hello, say me what color is my clothes
hello, see anything written on the computer screen ? very much
hello, tell me about the cooking instructions of that product
hello, tell me the color
hello, tell me the price of the body's blush, so much
hello, tell me the price of the product
hello, tell me the shampoo instructions. i would like to know how to use this product
hello, tell me the sodium level of this product
hello, tell me what color these bananas are
hello, tell me what is in this box
hello, tell me what is written on that screen? very much
hello, tell me what the label is on this
hello, tell me what's present on this screen
hello, tell me, what color is this t-shirt
hello, tell what the package is now? are there any other applications that i can use on the iphone to scan documents and stuff with or money
hello, this is a test. this is a test
hello, this is another try. i'm trying this for the last time tonight. and if it doesn't work the last time ever! ever! ever
hello, well i hope you can read this picture, now see if it stops it
hello, what color is my sofa
hello, what color is this shirt, ? very much
hello, what does this can say. i am trying out this new app online, i thought it would be a great thing for me. thought i would check it out
hello, what does this can say? i'm trying out this new app. i'm blind. i think it's going to be a great thing for me
hello, what is in the bag? thanks
hello, what is in this picture, i am blind and trying to help this app, see if it works
hello, what is this
hello, what is this picture of
hello, what's this button
hello, would you so kind to tell me what is on that photo
hello,web workers just like to check the picture on this card
hello. can someone tell me what this is ? many thanks and any instructions for us on the bottle
hello. could you tell me if this is decaffeinated coffee
hello. could you tell me the color of this table
hello. could you tell me what color that is
hello. could you tell me what kind of lunch meat this is? . the problem is waiting for this to stop. it doesn't
hello. could you tell me what the writing on this cd is, ? could you read it to me
hello. could you tell me, the two jacks that are going up and down, could you tell me what jacks are those? and also, could you tell me what color is the top one and what color is the bottom one
hello. hello. tell me is there anything on that tv screen
hello. i am trying to fix this tv, but i'd like to know, are there any pictures on the screen? and if so, tell me what kind of pictures are shown
hello. i hope you can hear this photo. i'm curious to know whether or not the leaves are turning color yet, it's autumn here in louisiana. thanks in advance
hello. i need to know what cooking instructions are for this pie
hello. is this decaf or regular coffee? . i appreciate that you're there to help. have a good day
hello. just wanted to know if the chinos and the top i am wearing atch? and what colors they are
hello. my computer is not, i mean there is no sound and i can't hear anything and i don't have anyone who can help me. is the windows open or not? is it opening or not
hello. tell me the color of this shirt and what you think of how it matches with these shorts
hello. tell me the instructions for this shampoo
hello. tell me the name of the city
hello. tell me what color this skirt is that i just took a picture of
hello. tell me what flavor of gevalia coffee is this? i know it is caffeinated and i know it is gevalia but what flavor is it
hello. tell me what is in the box
hello. this is a picture of a scanner receiver, i'm hoping the picture is clear enough. what i would like to do is if you can give me a description of the keys starting at the top left and then reading across horizontally
hello. this is a test. this is a test. this is a test
hello. what dvd is this
hello. what flavor marie callender is this? thanks
hello. what is this t-shirt
hello. what kind of breakfast cereal is this
hello. what kind of tv dinner is this
hello. what tv show is this
hello. what's written on that computer screen
hello. would you so kind to tell me whats on that photo
hello., what see on the monitor screen
help identify this bottle
help me find the black queen side bishop. i dropped it somewhere on the chess board i don't know where, i can't find it
help me find the sodium content in this can
help me identify these bills
help me identify this label
help me identify this rainbow
help me with this capture
help me, i need to know where the arrow is so that i can get to heavy load
help me? what is this
help with question
help. my computer screen shows something. i don't know what it says. tell me what issue on this screen of this picture
here are the 2 shirt again, little bit farther away, they are the same material just wanted to double check if they are the same color
here is a goofy girl? ... i'm just trying something
here is another one, another spice. tell me what the name of this one is? thanks
here is another picture. positive or negative
here is number four again
here is the leaves of the tree that has grown in my yard. what type of tree could it be
here we go. wheee
here's a better picture. we are in maryland. i'm not sure that it's the lemon tree, though it could be
here's another picture of the pregnancy test is it positive or negative
here's another spice. whats the name of this one? it wasn't recognized with anything else. thanks
here's napkin one to the price mat. are these stripes vertical or horizontal
here's number two
here's the other side
here's the picture of the headphones
hey can somebody tell me what this is? some kind of frozen food. thanks
hey christine do you see a hearing aid mode around this area
hey could you tell me if this took the picture of the tv stand
hey could you tell me what kind of bottle this is
hey guys, describe to me what this shirt is
hey hey hey you know what you can start taking pictures of women as you walk by and say how good looking is this
hey i'm trying to get my satellite dish up and going but i need to tell the customer representative what my tv screen says. so what kind of text are we looking at if any
hey mom just trying again, just so i can harass you ya know
hey mom. thought i'd let you check out this new app that i have on my itouch. here's autumn getting ready for the storm. talk to you later. bye
hey samuel, read me the captcha on this screen? it should be a couple of letters
hey sorry this must be frustrating but what is in this box or bottle, sorry
hey tell me how much this weighs? thanks
hey tell me what that label says thanks
hey tell me where i can use this product? on my face? or where
hey there i hope this is okay this time whats in this bottle
hey there i would like to know what this bottle is ? god bless and have a great day
hey there tell me what flavor this is
hey there tell me what flavor this pasta sauce is
hey there, i need to know if this is a bus stop
hey there, i was just wondering what did i just take a picture of? i know it's some kind of action figure but what, what is it
hey there, what is in this bottle
hey there. i'm not sure if my question's not coming through properly. i wasn't asking the color. i am looking for the temperature ranges going from left to right on the dial. that should be on the picture of a slowcooker
hey there. is there anything being displayed on this monitor
hey what do you think about this
hey, alex, do you see any tar on this door
hey, and what does this shirt look like? thanks
hey, could you tell me what kind of bottle this is
hey, give it back. who's that for
hey, how much in this can
hey, i actually have two questions. one is, tell me what my meat is. wow, that didn't sound right, just kidding ok? i hope i didn't offend you. second question is, do you know how i add (totally unrelated)... how do i add a contact to either bizwiz or my contact list? i'm trying to send
hey, i have these two items, but i'm not really sure if it's what i really need. what is this
hey, i need to know the inch mark where the tape goes into the ruler itself. just a nominal inch, like 130-some, whatever
hey, i need to know what color these shoe laces are. i'm particularly looking for a brown pair, or a dark pair, that will match the dark tennis shoes i have. thanks
hey, i'd like someone to identify this item for me and send me a reply
hey, is this shampoo
hey, it's erin. i don't know who's answering questions right now but i'm going t be working on my computer for like, the rest of the night, so if you want to be finished i can't find any body on g-chat so i don't know who's answering. so, thanks
hey, tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner
hey, tell me what this is
hey, tell what meat this is? i think it's a steak
hey, what color is my bedroom wall
hey, what color is this blanket
hey, what does this card say
hey, what does this shirt look like? thanks, appreciate it
hey, what is this
hey, what kind of salad dressing is this
hey, what text read on the page in this picture
hey. i'm hoping in this picture you can tell if my washing machine cycle is set to normal or set to permanent press or towels or sanitize or some other cycle
hi again, see now i click on the front of the passport. i have to find this barcode because of technical support issues
hi and what does this card say? and more specifically i'm looking for an 8 digit id number
hi and what does this shirt look like? thanks
hi and what kind of safe is this
hi are you able to tell what cd number this is or was it blurry
hi can somebody tell me what this is? thanks
hi carry arnold, 7910 main st. email terriiphone@gmail.com
hi comma. what is this olympus recorder? for example dm360 or whatever. see the model number on the back
hi could you give me an overall description of this jacket and the color ? and what kind of clothes would it go with, would it go with a pair of jeans would this go with
hi could you tell me what color this shirt is
hi could you tell me what color you think these tiles are
hi could you tell me what is in this box. very much
hi could you tell me what this box is? very much
hi could you tell me what you see in the picture
hi could you tell me whats in the box in my right hand
hi do the sheets that are directly behind the, do the top sheets directly behind each respective fitted sheet match each other
hi folks, i'm just wondering what this can is? i'm trying to locate a can of beans here
hi guys we have a brevil iron here and i need to know what the model number is
hi i turned on a light, tell me color color this outfit is i'm wearing
hi i was wondering if you could tell me the name the brand of the coffee maker; hopefully i took a good picture of it. i was just wondering the brand of the coffee maker
hi i'm trying to identify some pages from one another. could you rest just a little of this text? there's a lot you don't have to read all of it. just enough to identify it. appreciate it
hi i'm trying to solve this captcha, tell me what it says on the screen in the captcha
hi i'm wondering if this shirt is yellow and if you can see what it says on it
hi identify this box
hi identify this package too
hi is the can of soft drink in my right hand pepsi or coke or root beer
hi is there a speedo logo on the side of the swimming hat
hi is this surface shiny
hi sandy, here is that block
hi tell if this page has my boarding pass on it? thanks
hi tell me how far along the scan disk is now? thanks
hi tell me if i'm still the windows login screen
hi tell me if this package of coffee is caffeinated or decaffeinated
hi tell me possibly what the screen says? i am having a problem computer won't boot up
hi tell me the price of the product
hi tell me the reading on this thermometer or how to adjust the picture so you can let me know what it is? thanks
hi tell me what color that is
hi tell me what flavor of crisps these are
hi tell me what is in this package
hi tell me what kind of coffee this may be
hi tell me what kind of tea this is
hi tell me what kind of wine this is thanks very much
hi tell me what the characters in this captcha are? thanks
hi tell me what the label of this is
hi tell me what these coffee cartridges are? whether they are cappuccino or latte or something
hi tell me what this product is
hi tell me what wine is this
hi tell me which one is shampoo
hi tell me which one of those is shampoo
hi thanks for letting me know this is startup repair. it might take a while here, but i really want to try and actually get myself back into windows, i'm an it technician, so all i really need
hi thanks so much. could you possibly tell me what kind of altoids these are
hi there are 4 sets of 5 numbers on this ticket could you read them for me? thanks
hi there can somebody tell me what this is? thanks
hi there could you tell me what the salt or sodium level in this package is
hi there could you tell me what the salt or sodium levels in this can of food is
hi there guys, just wondering what the dosage would be for me as a twenty four year old of the item that i just took a picture of which should be a bottle of gaviscon
hi there i was wondering what was in this can
hi there tell me what flavor this is
hi there tell me what the title of this dvd is
hi there, i was wondering what was in this can? . i was wondering if it's beer or a or a can of soda
hi there, i'm just wondering, what type of cereal is in this box
hi there, i'm not sure if my question's not coming through properly, i wasn't asking the color. i am looking for the temperature ranges going from left to right on the dial. it should be in the picture of the slow cooker
hi there, i'm sending this photo along because i want to know what the captcha is. if you could send that back i'd really appreciate it
hi there, see what flavor of soup this is
hi there, tell me is that windows seven sixty four bit or thirty two bit
hi there, tell me the usage instructions on this shampoo bottle
hi there, tell me what flavor this is
hi there, tell me what flavor this one is
hi there, tell me what the temperature ranges are, from left to right on the dial at the front of this slow cooker
hi there, this is a box of, i'm not sure what frozen thing, but i'd like to know what the cooking instructions are
hi there, what type of candy bar is this? hopefully this picture's not too blurry
hi there. i have a picture here of a screenshot with a captcha in it and i'm blind so i need some help deciphering it
hi there. i just wanted to know what the expiration date was on my yogurt
hi there. i was wondering if this can here is a coke? very much
hi there. i was wondering what was in this can
hi there. tell me if this syringe is set for 10 ccs? if it's not, is it a little bit above or a little bit below
hi there. tell me what flavor this is
hi there. what is the contents of this package? thanks
hi there. what see in this photograph
hi there. what's this frozen box contain and what are the instructions to cook
hi this is a t-shirt what color is it? and what does it go with
hi this is a washing machine. help me out with, when i hold the button
hi this is supposed to be either a beet or a rutabaga do you have any idea which one it might be? thanks
hi this is suzanne again and i'm just wondering if i did a better job taking a picture of this shirt
hi this is the top side night. see the flavor night
hi web workers. i'm entertaining at the end of the week and i will have 5 napkins and 1 place mat. i know there are stripes on these. tell me
hi what does this shirt look like
hi what flavor ice cream is this
hi what is on this card? i'm looking for some sort of id number it could be eight digits
hi what is the name of the food that is in this package
hi what is this
hi what is this album say, um, we're listening to it right now by the way
hi what is this cover like does it say anything on it
hi what kind of can is this
hi what kind of chips are these
hi what kind of coffee is this? what does it say
hi what kind of designs are on this piece of furniture
hi whats in here? what do you see
hi whats on the screen, i'm not getting any sound from my tv
hi who is this
hi ya, wonder if you could tell me what is in this microwave meal. it's not very well lit in this kitchen i'm afraid.i don't know if the flash is on or off on the camera anyway. maybe you could let me know, thanks
hi you read any of this
hi, are all three of these ones...one dollar bills
hi, are these buttons labeled in any way
hi, are you able to describe this trainer to me
hi, are you able to see how long this needs to be heated in the microwave?, have a great day
hi, are you able to tell me what's written on the front of this t-shirt, and the color of the t-shirt
hi, can somebody tell me what type of tea bags these are? many thanks
hi, could you tell me as much as possible about the color of this hairpiece? very much
hi, could you tell me in detail the colors of the bear, and the colors of the disabled person's stickers in the bottom? thanks
hi, could you tell me what color these shoes are
hi, could you tell me what color these trousers are? thanks
hi, could you tell me what color this pet holder for this copy machine is? because on the bag it says it;s the purple one, but i don't think this one is purple
hi, could you tell me what flavor these altoids are
hi, could you tell me what is in the can in my right hand
hi, could you tell me what this product is called
hi, could you tell me which dvd this is
hi, could you tell which color my dog is? because i think it is brown but i am not sure
hi, could you tell which color my sister is wearing? which color her shirt is
hi, do you see a model number now that i am closer to the end? thanks again
hi, do you see a serial number? it should say sn and then wx on this passport
hi, does this sweater have yellow and black or gold and black
hi, give me the percentage of the scan disk? thanks
hi, guys. what did i take a picture of
hi, hopefully this is a better picture and right way up. tell me what the cooking instructions are
hi, how are you
hi, i am trying to improve the lighting conditions to improve the color of this shirt, text me if you can see this shirt, thanks
hi, i don't know if this is getting to you. i need to have you read the captcha code for me if you can, or tell me where to move the camera. i hope things are okay, i didn't get anything back in the last few minutes
hi, i don't need you to read this i just need to know if this document is right side up or not
hi, i have a laptop, a dell latitude in front of me. and i was wondering, my laptop hasn't been able to turn on for the whole day, since this morning. and i was wondering if when i plug in my charger
hi, i just wanted to confirm that these are indeed pork chops. any other information that is clear would be appreciated
hi, i know the print is small but read what color this outfit is on the label i just took a picture of
hi, i know this is keurig coffee but could you tell me what flavor this box is
hi, i think i may have the box right side up, i'm not sure. can somebody tell me what is in this box
hi, i want to know what kind of cereal was this? hope the picture is clear this time
hi, i was wondering if you could tell me the color of this t-shirt and there's a logo up on the left breast if you're able to see what that says
hi, i wondered if you could tell me what is in this pocket . thanks
hi, i would like to know what is contained in this can
hi, i'd like to know if this is an apricot or a strawberry yogurt? in german, either -- i'm not sure which one of those two it is
hi, i'd like to know what is on this cd if somebody can help me
hi, i'm going to start over. this is the place mat that are related to the napkins. first, i need to know if the stripes are vertical or horizontal
hi, i'm having problems with my camera, and i'm just sending a test picture hopefully of my dog, who is a golden retriever. let me know if the camera's working, and how the audio comes out, and i'll send you those
hi, i'm holding a can of food. could you tell me what this can is and could you find out if you're able to see the sodium levels in this
hi, i'm not sure if i moved the camera enough but i turned it a little bit to the left so there was more stuff showing from the right. tell me what this is
hi, i'm trying again. tell me what how many numbers of degrees is on this gauge
hi, i'm trying to cancel from a dating site, and it requires a code that i hope i've gotten a picture of. i need to know what code to put in presumably that's on this page so that i can then put in and
hi, i'm trying to find out what color boots are? if you could help me, so much
hi, i'm trying to get this thing to run. help me out a bit? maybe if you could tell me what any of the buttons are labeled or if there's something on the display you could make out? anything, thanks
hi, i'm trying to solve this captcha. help me out? tell me what you see in the captcha on the screen
hi, i'm wondering if you could clarify
hi, i'm wondering what this item is if you would be so good to help
hi, i'm wondering, what type of food is in the can. thanks so much
hi, identify this sun cream
hi, if you can look at any text in this photo of the book that i've taken, try to read out the text to me in writing and
hi, in front of you you have a packet of waffles. i want you to tell me what the cooking instructions are for oven cooking
hi, in the top left corner of this page is a captcha, i hope you can read it. thanks very much
hi, in the upper left corner of this page is a captcha. i hope you can read it
hi, is it possible for you to read the back of this box and tell me what the cooking instructions are for microwaving this meal? i'm not sure if you can see it or not but thanks for trying. thanks
hi, is it possible to tell the ingredients and the brand? thanks
hi, is that still the windows login screen? it doesn't seem to be moving anywhere, thanks
hi, is this cream of mushroom soup
hi, is this document right side up? that's what i need to know, thanks
hi, is this oven set to 375 degrees
hi, let me know if this is better
hi, my mother was curious. what does a sighted person have to do to become involved with vizwiz? as far as being a web worker is concerned. sorry, i know this isn't exactly what the app was made for, but, if could at least tell me i would really appreciate it
hi, oh sorry, does this sweater go with the rest of the outfit and is it better, does it look better to wear it open, or closed, or partly closed
hi, read any of this? i'm trying to identify pages from one another, and if there's a lot of text you don't have to read all of it, but you could just read enough to identify it. appreciate it
hi, read me the captcha image? it should be a few letters or a blurry word or two. it's not the web address and it should be near a box that you have to type in
hi, read the serial number on this device, . . oh
hi, see the cooking instructions for this dish
hi, see the label on this package
hi, see what flavor of crisps these are
hi, see what is in the canister ? thanks
hi, so i'm wondering what the image capture on this page is? it's hidden in the image somewhere and i'm just supposed to type it in
hi, still working on the same theme. are you able to tell me the color of the shirt? thanks
hi, tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner or what it is
hi, tell me if this looks better
hi, tell me the activation code on this itunes card? thanks
hi, tell me the color of this top, and the detail of the logo if you are able to see it
hi, tell me the numbers that are separated by colons. it should be zero zero five nine and then two or three other sets of numbers
hi, tell me what color that is
hi, tell me what color this t-shirt is
hi, tell me what flavor this is
hi, tell me what is in the box in my right hand
hi, tell me what is in the box in the picture and what the cooking instructions are
hi, tell me what is in the can in my right hand
hi, tell me what is in this box? i know it's keurig but i don't know if it's hot chocolate or what it is. tell me what it is
hi, tell me what is in this food box and how to cook it
hi, tell me what is in this package
hi, tell me what is showing in the message on my computer screen
hi, tell me what kind of fanta this is
hi, tell me what kind of medicine this is? i'm looking for advil or tylenol or something along those lines
hi, tell me what temperature this is either at or set to be at
hi, tell me what that packet is
hi, tell me what the blurry words are that i need to type into the box for the security question
hi, tell me what the name of this wine is? thanks very much, bye
hi, tell me what the three buttons on this thermostat are
hi, tell me what this
hi, tell me what this can is
hi, tell me what this captcha says on the screen? i just tried one and i think it timed out, sorry about that
hi, tell me what this captcha says? i'm trying to figure out this captcha. tell me what it says on the screen
hi, tell me what this is
hi, tell me what this is, it's some kind of frozen food
hi, tell me what this is? again you've been very helpful
hi, tell me what this item is? so much
hi, tell me what this jar is of
hi, tell me what this packet is
hi, tell me what type of chicken this is
hi, tell me, what the front of this podium says
hi, thanks for help. what is this bottle of whiskey
hi, thanks for letting me know this is start-up repair, might take awhile but i really want to try and actually get myself back into windows i am an it technician, so all i really need
hi, thanks in advance. and sorry if this isn't focused i can take it again, tell me what is in this bank
hi, that's great, okay, i'm in recovery options, are you able to see from the picture any of the options that i can select from? is it a menu? is it a numbered system? will number one take me out of the
hi, there are three buttons, one on top of the other. and one should be heat, one should be cool, and one should be off. could you tell me which one, which one's which
hi, this is
hi, this is a pack of noodles and could you tell me if there's any salt or sodium in the ingredients
hi, this is a shower curtain, and it's a coke shower curtain, and i was curious of what the design looked like, if you could describe it for me
hi, uh, just interested in the color of this sweatshirt and what the logo is if you can see that in the photo. very much
hi, um, there are three buttons on the top of the other and one should be heat, one should be cool, and one should be off. tell me which one's which
hi, we're partying and we're drinking a beer. and i wondering which kind of beer i'm drinking. because, it's pretty good and i wanna buy it again. so, if you could tell me. . it said bye
hi, what are these buttons labeled as? i'm trying to figure out how to get this keyboard into pairing mode. thanks
hi, what color are these shoes
hi, what color is this cup? and does it say anything
hi, what color is this jacket
hi, what color is this shirt? is it red and if so is it a solid color or does it have a pattern? thanks
hi, what color is this skirt
hi, what do you see in the screen
hi, what does the logo say
hi, what does this card say, i'm looking for an 8 digit id number
hi, what does this dog look like
hi, what does this fountain look like
hi, what does this package contain
hi, what does this say, what kind of coffee is it
hi, what does this say? what album is this? you're hearing me by the way, thanks
hi, what is in the box
hi, what is on this card? i'm looking for an 8 digit number. i hope i didn't wake you up
hi, what is the design on this furniture
hi, what is the design on this piece of furniture
hi, what is the model number of this olympus recorder
hi, what is this
hi, what is this album say, who is this? and hey, you're listening to by the way, thanks
hi, what is this can
hi, what is this, ? tell me what this is
hi, what kind of can is this
hi, what kind of can is this? thanks
hi, what kind of drink do i have in my right hand
hi, what kind of drink is this
hi, what kind of pizza is in the box my right hand
hi, what other applications can i use like vizwiz. do you all have any similar ones to vizwiz that would read documents or money on the iphone
hi, what see in front of me? for any help
hi, what see in this page that i have scanned with my phone camera
hi, what type of food is this
hi, what type of food is this? thanks
hi, what type of pot pie is in the box in my right hand
hi, what type of tea is this
hi, what's outside the window
hi, what's the name of this album? give me some information about what it looks like? and don't listen to it, by the way, it's really bad
hi, which red box is a jam box speaker and i've got the underside facing up. i'm wondering if you can read the serial number. i think there are three or four lines of print
hi, would like to know what kind of cereal is this. . sorry for the picture being blurry last time
hi. are these tinned tomatoes
hi. could somebody tell me what color this t-shirt is? i may have sent this question already but, i'm a first time user so, sorry about that
hi. could you describe the color of these jeans to me
hi. could you tell me what color this shirt is
hi. could you tell me what is in this bottle? very much
hi. could you tell me what is in this box
hi. could you tell me what is in this box? very much
hi. does it show the flavor on this side
hi. give me the serial number of this device
hi. i just wanted to see what flavor dinner this is. i sent one a little bit ago that was a meatloaf. i wanted to see if this one was something different. thanks a lot. bye
hi. i know it's body butter. what fragrance flavor is it
hi. i know this is captain america. i was just wondering, because i took a picture another time and you said it was captain america, but i already knew it. did you know
hi. i know this is made by selection, but i don't know what type of spice it is. for instance is this curry powder?, bye bye
hi. i was wondering - hopefully this picture is clear enough - what type of candy is this in the picture
hi. i won't know somebody's speaking spanish
hi. i would like to know what the picture is. i think its a box of something.thanks
hi. is there a phone number on this screen? if so, tell me what it is
hi. me again. it's the same photo, i've just changed position, i hope. so, still wondering what it is. thanks
hi. see the instructions in this photograph
hi. tell me what is in my hand? what the tube is in my hand? i just need to know what the product is
hi. tell me what is in the can in my right hand
hi. tell me what is in this food box, and what the instructions are to cook it
hi. tell me what the name of this book is
hi. tell me what this drink is? very much
hi. tell me what this says on the,says on this thing? it might just be a number, if anything. appreciate it
hi. this is a washing machine. help me out with the buttons and tell me what a couple of them are
hi. this is brian. i want to ask if it's possible to see what brand this bottle is
hi. what flavor coffee is this? for your answer
hi. what is in this paper
hi. what is the food that's in this package? very much
hi. what kind of cake is this
hi. what kind of tea is this
hi. what type of drink is in the bottle in my right hand
hi. what type of soft drink is in the can in my right hand
hi. which colored shirt is this guy in the photo wearing
hi.is any text visible in this photograph, any images or anything like that? just even one word or two, would give me an idea. thanks
his foot
hola hola
hold on...keep walking
hope my finger wasn't in the way but did it get the message this time
hope this works. what is in this can
hopefully i got a good shot of both of them but how does this pair of trousers go with this shirt
hopefully i have a good picture of this. what is the dial pointing to? which cycle is it pointing to
hopefully i have the entire thermostat in this picture, could you tell me what all the buttons are from left to right? sorry
hopefully i should now be in the boot device selection screen. once again, which device is highlighted now? so much for the help. really appreciate it
hopefully i'm one step closer, what do i gotta press now
hopefully there are two bottles of white wine in the picture, tell me what they are
hopefully third time is the charm. what kind of wine is this
hopefully this comes out better this time, if you can tell me what this logo is, what the name brand is
hopefully this is a better angle, and this may hopefully show which one this is. either the chocolate or tapioca. thanks
hopefully this is a better picture, i'd like to know what the bag that i'm holding is of? hello
hopefully this is a better picture. i'd like to know what the bag i am holding is of. hello
hopefully this is a better picture. read the five jacks from left to right
hopefully this is a picture of a thermostat. i need the thermostat what it's set at, and the two buttons is one on the left and right side by side one is up one is down which one is
hopefully you can see what this screen says
hopefully, this time people are listening to the question. i know this is a picture on the wall. i need to know if it is right side up or upside down. last time
hoping that it got this so it shows what the label says if it's excedrin
hoping this is a better angle, curious if this is chocolate or tapioca
how about here? is there a chess piece
how about now, am i closer to the heavy cycle
how about now, does the dog look good
how about telling me what this shirt says so much
how about the power of this i see recorder
how about the weather
how about this side? is this the self-rising flower
how are the buttons arranged on this
how are these buttons laid out
how are you
how are you doing
how are you doing now not sure you'll be able to tell not sure about the light in this room here i am blind but tell me what kind of chips these are
how big are my breasts
how big do you think my tv is
how big is a serving size
how big is my breast
how big is my tv and what is on the screen, and what is the model number, and what brand is it
how big is my tv? how big is my tv
how big is the flat screen tv
how big is the yw
how big is this monitor
how big is zwy
how big is zyw
how bright is it
how can i calculate ? configuration
how can i eat potato chips
how can i find the normal wash
how can i improve the picture quality
how can i use this product
how can i work it? how can i work it
how clean does this boot look? i just tried to wash it but there might still be some stains
how clean does this look
how clean is this
how clean is this toilet
how clear is the text and how much of the page is visible
how clear is the text on this photo, and how cute is it
how clear is the text, and how much of the page is visible
how clear is this photograph and how skewed is it
how clear is this picture
how clear is this text
how color
how color is it in the dark
how cool are you
how could you tell
how did france establish territorial claim in north america
how did this picture turn out
how do i connect with people at bizwhiz
how do i cook these
how do i cook this
how do i do this
how do i do? are they even
how do i find the normal wash
how do i have to leave this in the oven for
how do i jail break this
how do i make pancakes with this mix
how do i make this
how do i make this pasta
how do i make this stuffing mix
how do i open this
how do i point the camera if your cannot see very well to read the label
how do i prepare this
how do i prepare this in the microwave
how do i solve this problem
how do i switch on this dishwasher
how do i take care of this animal
how do i turn on the oven
how do i turn this on
how do i turn this thing on
how do i turn this treadmill on
how do i use wizwzig
how do you activate spoken answers
how do you cook the pizza
how do you cook this
how do you cook this pizza
how do you delete ios5 from apple touch
how do you find a five? (a-5
how do you get delete ios5 from ipod touch
how do you like this picture
how do you make this
how do you move around to other options on the screen, such as removal drive, usb drive? how you move around
how do you prepare this cake
how do you remove an alarm
how do you show your work on the problems listed
how do you take care of a bird
how do you turn on spoken answers
how does it look
how does it look outside
how does my face look
how does my shirt look
how does someone become a volunteer for this service? can i get contact information
how does the desk look
how does the sky look
how does this picture look
how does this picture look of my tree, question mark
how does this picture of my tree look
how does this plant look like? colors and that kind of thing. thanks
how does this plant reproduce
how does this room look
how does this work
how far do i have to be away with the camera for this to be clear
how fast is my up and download
how full is this bottle
how full is this bottle and... tell what the label says
how full is this pitcher
how good is this picture of my cat
how hard is my penis
how hot are those cigarettes
how hot is it in tuscon, arizona
how is much of the page is visible and is the picture skewed and how clear is it
how is the angle of this picture? does the chair and the ottoman show up ok
how is this bottle labeled
how is this game played and what is it
how is this image? is it sufficient to get the expiration date
how late do you have to work today
how long
how long am i supposed to cook these in the oven
how long and what temperature do i bake this pizza for
how long and what temperature do i bake this pizza in the oven for
how long are you going to be answering questions tonight
how long do i bake this for and what temperature
how long do i cook for
how long do i cook it for
how long do i cook the fish for
how long do i cook these in the oven
how long do i cook this and what temperature do i cook it at
how long do i cook this for
how long do i cook this for and whats the temperature i need to heat it at
how long do i cook this for in the microwave
how long do i cook this in the microwave
how long do i cook this microwave dinner for
how long do i have to leave this in the oven for
how long do i have to leave this in the regular oven for
how long do i leave it in the oven for
how long do i let these cook for in the microwave
how long do i microwave it for
how long do i need to oven cook this for
how long do i put it in for then
how long do i put this in the microwave
how long does it take to cook this pizza
how long does this have to be cooked in the oven
how long does this need to be heated for
how long does this take to cook
how long is this
how long is this dvd on loan for
how long should i cook this for in the oven
how long should this rice be cooked in the microwave for
how long will this dog live
how many
how many alarms does this have on it
how many are in this package
how many beer cans are in the case
how many blades does my ceiling fan have
how many boxes and cars are there on my shelf
how many buttons does this remote control have? let me know what each one does, beginning with top to bottom
how many calories
how many calories are in a monster
how many calories are in a slice of pepperoni and cheese pizza
how many calories are in ensure
how many calories are in insure? are you holding it down? oh no. am i supposed to hold it down? no, you just hit. i hit it once and then i talked. and then you hit it again when you're done
how many calories are in one serving
how many calories are in potato chips
how many calories are in these chips
how many calories are in this
how many calories are in this bottle
how many calories are in this bottle of beer
how many calories doe this have
how many calories from fat
how many calories has this soft drink
how many calories in a serving of cheerios
how many calories in one serving
how many calories in this bottle
how many calories in this box of raisins
how many calories is in this
how many calories is in this soda
how many calories per serving
how many carbohydrates are in one serving size
how many carbohydrates are in this beverage
how many carbohydrates are per bar? the picture says it
how many cars are on each shelf? for what you did
how many cars are on each show? for what you did
how many chargers are plugged into this outlet
how many clips are on the cardboard
how many coffees am i allowed to drink per day
how many coins are on the panel
how many color connectors on the back of that device
how many colored connectors are on the back of that device
how many containers are over here
how many countries are in the world
how many countries are in this world
how many cups are there
how many cups of milk and how many cups of water do i need to make this stuffing
how many cups of milk and water will i need to make this mix
how many days til christmas
how many degree of temperature on this remote control
how many degrees
how many degrees on the remote control
how many doors
how many eggs are there? i don't know how to
how many fingers
how many fingers am i holding up
how many fingers are on a hand
how many fingers are there on the pages
how many fingers do i have
how many fingers in this hand
how many fingers in this image
how many games are in the shelf
how many games are on the fed and how late do you work tonight
how many gigabytes
how many gigabytes does this have
how many gingerbread are on the shirt
how many grams is a mince
how many grams of salt in this container
how many grams of sodium are in this package
how many hats
how many inches is that
how many keys are on this key ring
how many keys are on this keyring
how many keys does the keyboard have
how many keys in from the left is the number one key on the top row of keys
how many keys on the left is the number one
how many kilograms is it? what is the weight
how many lights are on
how many lights are switched on, possibly
how many lights are visible
how many lights are visible on the battery charger
how many lines does this have on it? how many lines does this have on it
how many lines does this pregnancy test show
how many liters are in this bottle
how many lozenges are in this box
how many miles are on this car
how many miles does this car have
how many miles per hour can this reach
how many milligrams are each tablet in this bottle
how many milligrams are these
how many milligrams is this melatonin
how many mils is this can of pepsi? come on. try something again. got it
how many minutes is left on the dryer
how many mls is this can
how many more bowel movements will i be able to clean up with this roll of toilet paper
how many more stamps do i need before i get a free coffee
how many nachos over to the left and or right is the setting bulky
how many numbers are on this item
how many numbers are on this picture item
how many numbers are there
how many ounces are in this bag
how many ounces are in this bottle of alfredo sauce
how many ounces are in this hand
how many ounces are in this jar of mayonnaise
how many ounces in this container
how many ounces is this
how many ounces is this bottle? thanks
how many ounces is this can
how many ounces is this container
how many pair of shoes on the floor
how many pencils are in this jar
how many people are on this poster
how many people on the bridge how many people on the bridge
how many pieces
how many pieces left
how many pink candles are in the picture
how many pink lines are on this test strip? even if one line is much lighter than the other, as long as it's pink, it counts
how many pink lines are there? one might be much lighter than the other
how many pink lines do you see
how many pizzas left
how many purple-ish colored lines do you see
how many rows of apps are there
how many servings are in this candy bar
how many shelves do i have and what is on them
how many steps are there
how many tablets are in this box
how many tablets in this box
how many thus
how many toes does this person have
how many towels are on the shelf and what color are they
how many video games are in the shelf
how many video games are in the show
how many video games are in the show and how are you answering questions tonight
how many video games are in the three shelves
how many video games are in these shelves
how many videogames are on the shelf? and how many shelves are there
how many videos game are in are on the shelves
how many visas
how many watts is this amplifier
how many yards equals a mile
how many, hey, hey listen. how many ounces is this container
how many? whats the amount of coins that fit in this coin holder
how money
how much
how much are the french fries
how much are these head phones worth
how much are these worth
how much could i sell the table and chairs for
how much description give about something that's on the television
how much did the fish cost
how much do i have
how much do i weigh
how much do the french fries cost
how much do you charge for this service
how much do you think it is
how much does it cost
how much does my check read
how much does this cost
how much does this cost? i appreciate your help
how much does this laptop cost
how much does this weigh
how much does this weight
how much fat does it contain
how much ink does this have
how much is in each serving of beans? is it half of a cup or a quarter of a cup that is the serving size
how much is in this bottle of listerine, i can't really tell
how much is it
how much is on the bill
how much is on the lid
how much is that
how much is that bill
how much is that money
how much is that money? how much
how much is the price
how much is the total
how much is this
how much is this bill
how much is this bill for
how much is this bill worth
how much is this check
how much is this currency
how much is this knot worth
how much is this mike and mickey mouse clock worth
how much is this monitor
how much is this ticket
how much is this voucher for
how much is this watch worth
how much is this worth
how much is this, how much money is this
how much is this? how much is this money worth
how much is those cigarettes
how much it
how much milk and water do i add to my hamburger helper
how much milk is in this baby bottle
how much milk is there in the glass
how much money do i have
how much money do i have in my hand
how much money do you see in this picture
how much money is here
how much money is it
how much money is on the table
how much money is on this dollar bill as in is it a one dollar bill a five dollar bill? what kind of dollar bill is it
how much money is that note
how much money is there here
how much money is this
how much money is this amount
how much money is this? how much money is this
how much money was that
how much of the label see? tell if this has conditioner in it and, if not, suggest a way that i can get this information? thanks
how much of the page in this photo cross is visible
how much of the page is visible, and how skewed is the picture
how much of this page is visible
how much of this page is visible and how skewed is the text
how much percent alcohol is this
how much popcorn is in this box
how much power does this unit run
how much property do i have
how much snow is outside
how much sodium does this have
how much sodium is in each serving
how much sodium is in each serving of these beans
how much sodium is in this package
how much sodium is in this product
how much sodium or salt is in each serving of these beans
how much sugar is in here
how much syrup are you supposed to put in a glass of milk
how much this
how much this money
how much time do we have left on the ios update? (is there an update airing
how much time is left
how much time is left on the dishwasher
how much time is left on the microwave
how much time is left on the timer
how much time is left on this dryer
how much time is left on this timer
how much time is on the display
how much time is remaining
how much was that dollar bill
how much water and butter is required for this recipe
how much water do you need to add to a packet to make it a bouillon
how much water is in this glass
how much water is required
how much work there is required
how much, how much is the ticket worth
how much...what bill is this
how number
how often can i take this medicine
how often should i take this pill
how old am i
how old is this camera
how old is this table and what is it used for
how old was madhushala
how should i cook this pasta dish
how should i use this product
how skewed is this photo and how clear is it
how tall is the washington monument
how tell the grass needs watering? what does it look like
how the hell do i know? dont send me stupid shit like that
how to make this
how to open the blinds
how to prepare this
how to program this microwave
how to use this water
how well did i capture the kitty in the picture
how would i use this product
how would you describe this picture, ? how does the car look
how's that, any better
hows my foot like
hwy its erin. i just playing around with this and actually got an answer. if somebody is awake and answering questions i can take over
i agree to participate in the biz-wiz pilot study. i'm not sure if i'm supposed to be including web-workers or not, but i do need to
i already know this is a playing card, but what is its value
i am at the dorm
i am formatting the hard drive i need to know what percentage has been formatted
i am holding in my hand a set of earrings. tell me what shape they are
i am in vienna austria and what to know is this normal soy milk or soy cocoa
i am just checking to see if this is still working
i am looking for a handheld radio, kind of like a walkie talkie. i have a big radio and a smaller radio
i am looking for a set of keys that should be on the table. just help me to find it
i am looking for a swing. i believe i am in the right area. it is on a wood frame and is made completely out of wood
i am not sure if i got the picture of the captcha image that i need to put in to send this to, to get out of the security code. tell me if i need to move the camera
i am playing with this app and i don't know what i am doing, we will see what happens
i am sending this again. i am not sure what happened last time. for some reason, the app closed on me. what is this box? what is the content of the box? is there a picture or something that indicates what it is
i am the baddest if you want my money then i don't mess with ya'll
i am told that the flavor of this food is invisible. i do not understand. how does invisible kool aid not have a specific flavor
i am told that the flavor of this kool-aid is invisible. i do not understand. how does invisible kool-aid not have a specific flavor
i am told that this label of this kool-aid is invisible. i do not understand. how does invisible kool-aid not have a specific flavor
i am trying the top again if i need to adjust my camera angle for the expiration date, let me know
i am trying to find out if these wireless headphones are charging? i don't know what color these lights are supposed to be, but it's plugged in now. could you tell me? thanks
i am trying to find out the model number for this bluetooth keyboard
i am trying to set the temperature on my thermostat, what isn't
i am well aware that it's tin food. what i want to know is what does this can say? i would like to know what it is in this can, not tin food
i am wonder if there are apples left on our apple tree still
i am wondering what is happening with my computer
i apologize for the rain, but tell me what is in this bottle
i asked what color the shoes were. i'm not sure what you said, it wasn't the color
i asked you what color it was, not what it is. do you even listen? come on, people
i asked: what color are these nails
i believe i was told this was a strawberry ice cream. is somebody holding the ice cream, because this is an avon book
i believe i've got the right side up this time. i need to know what this frozen dinner is, the temperature on a conventional oven, and how many minutes on a conventional oven
i believe this is an
i believe this is silver oak. what year is it
i believe towards the bottom there is a security code, see it and tell me what the security code is
i believe you said 375 for 20-25 minutes. what to see if we can confirm that, and also should you remove the plastic top, punch holes in it or do anything before putting it into
i bought this keyboard for $500 and i wanted to know if it was white, because the seller told me that it was white
i can't
i can't find my cup. where is my cup
i can't make a question in spanish
i can't read the instructions
i can't see anything. which color is this pen? i hope i hear your voice, so i know it
i can't tell what it is that i'm holding
i cannot find on the imac this keyboard combination. can someone help me
i cannot move the camera slightly closer to the monitor
i cannot see tell me if this is the left or the right headphone
i changed the lighting is there a visible model number anywhere on the face of this device
i choose a this
i cook these chicken fillets in the oven
i didn't
i didn't want anything, i just wanted to say for your assistance
i do that just like music, that's all. what color is this
i don't have a password here
i don't have any question. just i want to, thanks for everything. for helping us as the blind. from bottom of my heart
i don't have it
i don't know how i feel about this right now
i don't know if i did any better but see the serial number and model make
i don't know if i did that right or not, but i am hoping that you might be able to tell me what the number on the scale says, if you can't that's ok, but if you can read it, however
i don't know if it'll work because i'm not on the wi-fi network
i don't know if this is clear or not. i'm trying to take a picture of a bag of food. i'm not entirely certain what it is
i don't know if this is the front or the back of the package
i don't know if you can tell me what's left middle and right, but thanks for doing what you do. i really appreciate that
i don't know if you were able to see it but does the pink scarf match the brown dress? the pink scarf has gold on it
i don't know what i would test question, yeah
i don't know what this is a picture of
i don't know what this is help me
i don't know what, i know this is a package of tights, but i do not know what color they is, are they blue or black
i don't need a picture to be looked at, i need a website menu to be looked at, i need a website menu for a food place, it's veggieheavenmtclair.com. if you could look at the menu and tell me what there is on there, that would be
i dont know if it worked or not but im trying to get the serial number for my water heater i think it went out. tell me if i took a picture of the right sticker thats on it
i dont know if this will work but will you read the washing directions for this t-shirt
i feel bad for bothering you guys with this but i am trying to get this to work usually when i go down on this window start screen it says start windows normally
i forgot to ask whether i have to punch holes in the top or i have to tear the top on this frozen dinner for conventional instructions. thanks
i found another spice that i can't recognize whats the name of this one thanks
i found one more box. what kind of keurig coffee is this one
i found this in the wild. can i keep it as a pet
i gather this is a sony erickson phone, but could someone be a bit more specific about what phone? perhaps somebody knows about these thing, cause i don't
i give up
i got a little thingy. little pot kind of thing. with something in there. and i don't know what it is. read the label
i got a message back just saying hmm is this for the research studies does that mean that i am in now? this is for the vizwiz clothing pilot study
i got it so much
i got this dog food from the vet which cost me a bloody fortune. so could you tell me what it's called so i can look it up online
i got three different answers. can someone tell me again what kind of pasta is in this package. i know it's hamburger helper, i don't know which dinner
i gotta know how to do this. so record a question, you're already, you're in the midst of recording that's why we screwed it up. that's what happened before that's why i went back. because we were talking in stead of recording
i gotta try this one more time. i need to determine the, what the captcha, what the word in this captcha image
i guess i'm getting onto wi-fi, and then i record a question, like what is this black thing
i had to do a whole new character thing, i forgot to fill something out so tell me what this security thing is
i have 2 containers of balm cream. i need to know if this is the one that has the word balm on it. b a l m. very much
i have a big wall
i have a box of produce here and i'm just wondering what the cooking instructions are
i have a bracelet here on the counter and i've tried to take a picture of it. i need to know whether it's gold or silver
i have a couple questions. is the door open? and the light in the hallway, is it on? how high do you think the ceiling is
i have a description of the clouds in this picture
i have a question tell me if the information on this check is printed in the correct spots if not what do i need to move
i have a question, tell me what time, what this is and how many buses does it have on it
i have a question. is the great
i have a shawl and a tank top, and i was just wondering if the both of them go together good
i have a soda bottle on the table. is it possible for you to tell me what bottle that is? what kind of soda
i have a tool bumps on one of the knobs on the stove dont know if you can see it or not but im just wondering if you can tell me whats there labeled as and where they set up for diffrent temputure
i have absolutely no idea if i'm taking a proper picture. i know this is a box of green mountain coffee, but i don't know what brand it is. could you see if you could
i have another bracelet here on the counter is it gold or silver
i have four printer cartridges here, on my desk. i hope it's not too cluttered. i need to know what order these cartridges are in, from left to right
i have had these blackberries for a week now, are they moldy yet
i have moved the camera further away so what is the color now
i have one more dinner, i want to see what flavor it was. i had a meatloaf i just wanted to see what this third one was. thanks a lot
i have one more question about the same image which is. do you see something that says removable drive or usb drive or something like that. if you do, what position
i have one question. why are you doing this and how long do you plan to be doing this
i have rotated the
i have turned the box around again. make out an expiration date now? sorry about this
i have two actual bumps on one of the knobs on the stove, i don't know if you can see it or not, but i'm just wondering if you can tell me what the, what they're labeled as or like where they're set at for a different temperature
i have two cans here one on the left and one on the right tell me what they are
i have two cans here, hopefully i've got them both in the camera. i need to know if they're both tuna
i have two questions for you. what is the name of this game and what platform play it on
i hope i got it right this time. what kind of soup is this
i hope i have it the right way this time. i'm trying to find out what kind of detergent this is. i have the handle to the right
i hope i have this thing in the right direction, but what is this item
i hope it's better could you tell me what is on the label now
i hope this helps, i moved the camera in. tell me what the security code is so that i could register this product
i hope this is a better picture. i tried my best to capture more of the floor
i hope this is better
i hope this is clear enough. i need to know what this can is, . thanks
i hope this label is facing correctly. tell me what this jar is? and
i hope you can help me out of frustration. this is a screen on a printer, i was wondering if there was an error message there? thanks
i hope you can help me. this is a captcha code and i need to submit something and there is no audio button for me to hear the audio. i appreciate the help
i hope you can tell me what this box is; what is in it. i know it has something to do with a radiator or coil. tell me what the box says
i just found this picture. i need to know what the painting is of, and if i have it right-side up, or rightside-down
i just got this app on my phone and i'm blind and was trying to see what was in this can, if it would show it
i just got this apple my phone and i'm blind and just trying to see what was in this can if it would show it
i just got this apple, my phone, and i'm blind. trying to see whats in this can. if it would show it
i just took a picture of a bracelet on my arm tell me is it turquoise or black onyx
i just took a picture of a cup, and i'm going to ask
i just took a picture of a strand of pearls laying on my hand. tell me what color the pearls are
i just took a picture of what i am sure is a charger but i don't know what device it says that its for, does it say on this charger what its suppose to be for
i just tried to wash this ugg boot, but i don't know if it worked, and i'm afraid i may have ruined it. does there appear to be any stains on it
i just want to know if you can tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk
i just want to know of it's caffeine free
i just want to know the particulars of this tablet
i just want to know the result of this calculation
i just want to know what this is
i just want to make sure this is working on my iphone so just tell me know what you see in front of the camera
i just want to see if we can get what kind of -- drink this is
i just wanted to find out if the vest looks nice with the shirt, what color the vest is, the shirt is, what design is on the shirt, or colors? very much for
i just wanted to know what setting this crockpot is on? is it on off, keep warm, low or high
i just wanted to know what the label is on this bottle
i just wanted to know what the name of the medication is? thanks
i just wanted to know what this is and the cooking instructions if posible
i just would like to know which ready meal this is
i know 10 o'clock is heavy load, but where is the dial sitting now? at what number on a clock
i know but how long do i leave it in the oven for? now how long is the cooking time
i know but if i put money on the ___ read money
i know but what color
i know i can't record very well but could you tell me if you can figure it out what kind of beer this is
i know it says the ten commandments, but what are the ten commandments
i know it was small but i tried to take a picture of the cake cup. tell me what flavor it says the coffee is
i know it's an electronic device. it's a air conditioner thermostat. could you tell me what is it set on? thanks
i know it's coffee, but i'm trying to find out what flavor it is? tell me what flavor coffe it is
i know it's sort of dark and i know this is hard. i've gotten several different answers now. let's try one more time and i appreciate your help. what is in this package? what kind of dinner is this? i know it's hamburger helper. which
i know its a keyboard but what color is it
i know that it's a shower curtain, but i'm trying to figure out what the design or picture or logo looks like on the curtain
i know that things might be moving in the picture but what do you see
i know that things might be moving in the picture, but what do you see
i know there are product cans here in the picture that's holding the card down so that it stays open. tell me what the card says inside, what the print message is? i know it's a christmas card
i know these are amy's pizzas, do you see the instructions on how to cook it in the oven
i know these are cigarettes but what kind of cigarettes are they
i know this can is dented but tell me what is in it
i know this is a box of keurig coffee, but i don't know what kind of coffee this is, the little cups inside. tell me
i know this is a can of food. could you tell me what is in it
i know this is a charger for something. does it say anything in the picture that i just took that says what kind of a charger it is
i know this is a check and read it and tell me how much it is for
i know this is a food can but does it say what is in the food can
i know this is a jar of spices, as to what it is, i have no clue. can someone help
i know this is a keyboard, but what color is it
i know this is a medication, but what type
i know this is a potato chip package tell me the brand and the kind of potato chips they are like barbecue or sour cream and onion
i know this is a shoe tell what color it is
i know this is a shoe, could you tell me what color it is
i know this is a silly computer, but my computer has stopped talking. what does the screen say
i know this is a spray bottle but is it 409 or showercleaner or what
i know this is amy's pizzas. is this the back of it to give the instruction for the how to cook it for the oven? thanks
i know this is baby ganics. i asked what kind of baby ganics. is it floor, bathroom, tile, all purpose
i know this is bre but what flavor of brie is it
i know this is coffee creamer, are you able to tell what flavor
i know this is coffee, could you tell me what kind of coffee this is? what flavor
i know this is ecr, but what flavor of food is this
i know this is fabric. it is sheet. but, could you tell me what color this is
i know this is food. what flavor? or what kind of dinner
i know this is from hormell, but i'm not entirely certain as to which of the hormell products i have it is. what is it
i know this is healthy choice, but tell me what type of frozen dinner this is? thanks
i know this is healthy choice, but what dinner is it
i know this is keurig coffee and i know it's wolfgang what flavor is it? is it breakfast in bed or caramel cream
i know this is keurig coffee. tell me what kind it is
i know this is keurig coffee. what kind of coffee is this box
i know this is keurig wolfgang puck coffee; is it caramel cream, or breakfast in bed type? thank yo
i know this is marie callendar's and i know it's frozen, could you tell me what kind of dinner this is
i know this is some kind of food. i just want to know what flavor is it, or what kind
i know this is suntan lotion, but i was wondering which factor it is, if you can see
i know what is in the package might not look so great but read what the label says on it? and if not, and i need to move something around let me know. thanks
i know what the medication is, i just need to know its milligrams
i like to know what these three items are
i like you to tell me what these two cans are sitting here
i liked to find out the cooking instructions on this box
i lined up five dvd's, which one is my sound of music dvd
i look like in this picture
i love you
i made this hat and pom pom but i understand they are two different colors, does the pom pom match the hat
i mean is it good what i'm wearing today
i meant, how much is the service for answering questions about pictures not about my backyard really
i moved closer. see if we can identify this product
i moved the camera back, is it tomato sauce
i need a description of the buttons that are on the front of this phone. especially the top and bottom buttons that are not the number keys
i need a description of the layout of the program. i know there's a document list. i know there's some status bars. but i need to know
i need a number that is on this card. it should be a long number with several digits and there is also a verification code that is three digits
i need a phone number or webpage for this particular hot chili wine
i need cooking instructions. cooking instructions
i need directions
i need help
i need help identifying exactly what this is
i need instructions
i need some help using this application
i need the directions on this recipe
i need the expiration date on this apple juice, hopefully that's clear enough. thanks
i need the expiry date on this drink
i need the serial number for this software
i need to buy this battery for my cordless phone, see the model and the name
i need to determine the two words in this visual captcha image
i need to determine the word in the captcha image
i need to determine the words in this captcha image
i need to determine what the captcha code is in this button
i need to find out if these are chewable
i need to get the serial number for this product off the sticker in the picture. if it doesn't work what do i need to do to bring the picture more into focus
i need to identify the kind of form i have here. provide me with just a few words that you can read on this piece of paper
i need to know if the model number can be seen
i need to know if this is benedrill or something else? especially benedrill
i need to know if this is regular coke or diet coke
i need to know if this washing machine is set on its normal cycle or some other cycle, like permanent press
i need to know specifically what is written across the screen on this computer
i need to know the brand name on these headphones
i need to know the captcha code if anyone could, . thanks
i need to know the cooking instructions for grilling for these burgers. if you need to turn, me to turn the package over just let me know
i need to know the name of this cologne
i need to know the name of this product
i need to know what can this is so what is in this can
i need to know what color these shoelaces are
i need to know what is in the contents of this box, if you could tell me . i didn't understand the last answer; it didn't sound like anything i owned, but i know that i may
i need to know what is in this can
i need to know what is in this package
i need to know what is on the front of the shirt? what's the design? what's the emblem
i need to know what is on this screen
i need to know what is the telephone number at this picture
i need to know what is this screen. what is written in this screen
i need to know what is written on the screen. i have been installing windows and it should be half approximately the formatting process. i need to have
i need to know what key is the question mark key. where is the question mark key
i need to know what kind of build this is
i need to know what kind of pills these are
i need to know what kind of soup this is. i've got four of them here and here is the first on. tell me what kind of soup this is
i need to know what model this modem is, and if you can tell, which lights are on near the bottom
i need to know what that measures, if you would
i need to know what the image says so i can get this password reset
i need to know what the letters in this captcha image are
i need to know what the verification code is
i need to know what the, what is on the box, i need to reorder this hair dye so i need to know the pertinent information to reorder
i need to know what this box is
i need to know what this is, in advance
i need to know whether this timer has gone into the negative side of the timing and i missed the actual alarm
i need to know who makes the inter lattice so i can find out the
i need to make sure that these are not sugar free
i need to see this mixture is a mx602a or if it's a 12002fx. if you can see it somewhere on there, that might indicate the model number
i obviously recorded, or took the photo of the wrong thing. i'm trying again. could you tell me what kind of coffee this is? i know it's keurig, but what flavor
i pride holding this tag in my hand. is there any way you can tell me what the writing says on it
i pushed the finish button, or at least pressed enter, but nothing seems to be happening. what does the computer want me to do now
i put this skirt in the light and i need to know what color it is, i don't think i own a gray skirt. is it blue or is it black? thanks
i rotated the can so it's showing just right of the seam., is this a better location to see what this is
i said what is the title of this paper? tell me if i need to move it. thanks
i seem to be going in circles. what's the error message now? thanks
i seem to be stuck on the screen. i am trying to figure out where the percentage bar is telling me where this is going
i sent a label seem in the back and turned it to the right, tell me what it is ? thanks
i sent you an image, tell what is this and tell me about how can i use it
i shot this from a bit farther away, is this better
i shot this one closer. what languages and subtitles are included on the disk
i should like to know what this job is
i should probably do it with voice over on, but that's okay
i suspect this is a pizza box is that correct
i there is a label on the lid of the container does it say anything that would be me a clue
i think i did all of these wrong. help me
i think i got the answer to somebody else s question, i'm not sure. could you tell me what color this shirt is
i think i pressed the okay button. am i further along on this here
i think i turned on a light. what temperature is the oven set at
i think it could be a face
i think the chess piece might be on the floor. look
i think the last picture got lost. see the capture for me? if not tell me where to move the camera. thanks
i think this bandana is green, but i'm not sure. can someone tell me
i think this is a keyboard. what color are the keys
i think this is a shepherds pie, and i need instructions on how to do it in a conventional oven. the number of degrees, the number of minutes, and whether i need to tear off or puncture the lid
i think this is an instruction manual for a gift i got. i'm trying to figure out exactly what the gift is. so see anything in the instruction manual and tell me what sort of an item this is
i think this is either, is this either tapioca or chocolate pudding
i think this is peach, but does it say if it is sweet or made with splenda
i think this is spinach but tell me what kind of vegetable this is
i think this scale is on this time, tell me what is says
i think this will probably be a better picture. i know there's stuff all over the place but hopefully you'll be able to see the chess piece
i this shirt stained
i took a picture of a different bracelet this time. could you tell me is this one black onyx or turquoise
i took a picture of some gemstone earrings, holding them in my hand. tell me if they are heart-shaped
i took a picture of the front of the slow-cooker. i do not want to know what brand it is. however tell me what position the knob is in the front. is it
i tried turning the bottle. read what is on the bottle? i'm trying to figure out what medicine it is
i turned the box over, tell what kind of coffee it is now
i turned the box to the next side. tell me what type of vitamin pill this is
i turned the jar over and i thought it was mayonnaise too but i'm still not sure. read what the jar says
i turned the jar over i thought it was mayonnaise too, but i'm still not sure. could you read what the jar says
i turned the jar some and see if that helps, tell me whats in the jar
i understand that but does the back of the white truck look dented
i very, very much. it rolled under those wires. and of course those were just some wires that i didn't think it could be under. very much for helping me find the piece
i wanna know exactly what i'm seeing, but i'm not real sure right now because i just started
i wanna know what is in this can
i wanna know what the cooking instructions for this packet are
i wanna know what this box is in front of me and what the text says on the bottom
i want this to be set to 68. tell me what it is
i want to be in the boot menu and i'd like to know how i can move to the option to boot from a usb flash drive. give your best shot at telling me what is on the screen and if possible how i can move
i want to be in the clothing study as a participant
i want to find out how many watts and how old this amplifier is
i want to get in the study. oh, it's michelle
i want to know about the battery power on ic recorder
i want to know about this medicine. when is it expired
i want to know how about the power of this recorder
i want to know if this is burger king hamburger or mcdonald's
i want to know if this is coca cola or pepsi
i want to know if this shirt will go with the second picture i send with this skirt
i want to know the cooking instructions for this item
i want to know the name of the cologne that's on the photograph
i want to know the name of this cologne
i want to know this headphone model number. thanks
i want to know what brand of cologne this is
i want to know what color thanks
i want to know what is in here
i want to know what my screen says
i want to know what this is. i'm sorry didn't use the front facing camera the first time. ignore the first picture
i want to know what this says
i want to know. what is the color of the paint ? is it green, blue or red
i want to use my crock pot, but i need to know which way to turn the dial to high
i was actually talking to somebody. my other phone died. actually tell me if you can see the whole laptop screen and where exactly, exactly where it's at for setup
i was curious to know what color her shirt is and whether or not it is camouflaged
i was curious to know what color her shirt is; and whether or not it's camouflage
i was just checking on a bottle of household cleanser, now i have another one here. it smells like ammonia but i'm not quite sure. if you could help me out i would appreciate it
i was just served this at a restaurant and i'm wondering what it is because it tastes funny
i was just wondering what state of the repair process this thing on, thanks
i was setting up my chest board when a chest piece fell off it. where did it roll
i was so nervous at each serving
i was wondering how ominous the sky is looking here at the northwest
i was wondering if she's wearing camo, and if so what color is it
i was wondering if that is a hail in the distance. thanks in advance
i was wondering if you could decode this image for me, it's a captcha. thanks in advance
i was wondering if you could decode this image for me, it's a captcha? thanks in advance
i was wondering if you could read what was on the screen? i hope i got a good picture
i was wondering if you could tell me what the captcha is in this picture
i was wondering if you could tell what kind of coffee maker this is
i was wondering what percent of the sky is black from this northwestern shot
i was wondering what this product is that's in the box
i was wondering, what pattern are the shorts that my friend is wearing? thanks in advance
i will send you some pictures tell me what setting is each picture on i would like to put it on heat
i wonder if you can see anything on this computer screen? i am blind, and all i know is my computer is not starting. it's fun, except not
i wonder if you can tell me what the, what the buttons are on this crock pot from left to right and what the display says, if possible
i wonder if you could provide me with the expiration date on this product
i wonder the brand of this computer
i wonder what is in this jar. i think it's jelly and i hope i took a better picture this time
i wonder what this is
i would like to know how many ounces this detergent is and what the brand name is
i would like to know if this picture i am sending you now goes with this shirt that i sent you a few minutes ago
i would like to know in which side is eric and aiden's book
i would like to know the contents of this can
i would like to know the expiration date on the yogurt
i would like to know the name of the spice in this bottle
i would like to know what is in this can, again what is in this can
i would like to know what is on my computer screen
i would like to know what is outside this window, and if there are any house windows
i would like to know what product this is
i would like to know what the medication label is on this bottle is and what dosage it is on the bottle
i would like to know what this can is
i would like to know what this item is and what it may be valued at
i would like to know what this jar contains
i would like to know what this logo or patch is on this very nice sweatshirt
i would like to know what this tea is
i would like to know what this thing that came out of the coffee part in the picture
i would like to know what type of bottle this is? what is in here
i would like to know which make, model, and year of car this emblem's off of
i would like to know who makes these home style mashed potatoes
i would like to see what is in this can
i would like your best description of the grass that's in the picture that's from a power point presentation
i'd like to have the expiration date that's on this drink. it's definitely there so if you don't see it maybe you can let me know some idea's for how to focus the camera so you might be able to see it. so expiration date on the apple juice
i'd like to know how many steps i took? if you can't read it tell me if i need to go up or down or what to do
i'd like to know if the start up wizard set up wizard is moving or progressing or if i need to do something with the screen. thanks
i'd like to know if this dial is turned to the towel cycle
i'd like to know if you can read the screen. tell me what it says. thanks
i'd like to know the expiration date of this can
i'd like to know the steps i took and if you could see the time today
i'd like to know what color the apron is that's hanging on the door and
i'd like to know what is this box of
i'd like to know what kind of soup this is
i'd like to know where it...where the...what i have to do to shut this computer off
i'd like to see if you can identify this tube. some sort of cream
i'd like to settle a little score here. what color is this jacket
i'll erase this
i'll say to the carrot
i'm a participant taking part in the vizwhiz clothing pilot
i'm afraid the best i can do is send another photo, because this one was actually a photo from my photos. it's not one i just took
i'm at a high rise hotel and my family wants to know the view from my window. what is that view
i'm at a restaurant. is this the ketchup
i'm attempting to install mac os 10.7. do you see any dialogue boxes requiring me to perform anything now at this point
i'm colorblind. does this workout outfit match? and what color is this shirt. i know the pants are blue
i'm dealing with a captcha but i can't see the screen and i need it to request something from a website. tell me what the captcha is
i'm hoping you can answer one simple question. is this fruit blend or lemonade? i've spent the last fifteen minutes on this and all i can get back is that it is minute made. i need to know what minute made product this is
i'm in a control study for the clothing
i'm in this image
i'm just testing the camera on my iphone 4s as i think it may be faulty. could someone tell me what they see directly in front of them and the quality of the image
i'm just testing. what is this
i'm just trying this questions again, but who is the box belong to? and hopefully, it comes out not really blurred
i'm just wondering if you could help me with this text, if the text actually came up on the shot, if not i'll seek help elsewhere just, if you can give me an idea of what this says, what this document is
i'm just wondering what this bottle is
i'm looking at a remote control, trying to find the input selector or the mode selector, and i need it in relation to the other buttons. i know the top right is the power, so thanks
i'm looking at the picture of the instructions. tell me what kind of chopper this is by identifying the piece of fruit in the picture for me
i'm looking at what inch this is, where it comes up to the ruler there, it doesn't have to be exact, just the what inch, the nearest inch that is, thanks
i'm looking for a dog collar do you see it on the floor
i'm looking for corn, is this box corn
i'm looking for preggo spaghetti sauce might this be it
i'm looking for the brand name on these. someone told me to turn them over, send a new, show, take a picture of the other side
i'm looking for the estimated time left on the screen
i'm looking for the expiration date
i'm looking for the expiration date on this milk. i moved the camera so tell me if this image is better
i'm looking for the image capture on this page. i just need to know what it is so i can type it into the edit box, thanks
i'm looking for the model number of this printer and possibly the serial number. but i don't believe that will be on the bit of the photo i've taken of
i'm looking for the name of this tea
i'm looking for the password from this device. it's a seven to nine digit number and it may not say password and i think starts with two three one but it's a seven to nine digit thing
i'm looking for the serial number that's on the sticker
i'm looking for the sound category to be highlighted. how far away am i
i'm looking to see whether this c.d. is the third of a collection of fifteen. tell me that? very much
i'm lost, do ya'll see a beige trailer with green shutters
i'm not for sure which one it is
i'm not good at all in taking pictures in these. let's see if this one is okay. the question is: how should i use this product
i'm not quite sure what this medication is. would you let me know what this is and what it's for
i'm not sure how good the pizza is but identify the product for me
i'm not sure if i got this right, but i tried. i know it's a pot pie but im not sure what kind. tell me
i'm not sure if my computer's turned on. is the computer turned on
i'm not sure if this is either laundry detergent, or fabric softener
i'm not sure if this is the purple one you were talking about, but it should be. i don't know what color it is, but is it possible for you to make out what it is
i'm not sure if this is, but i'd like to know what color this string of beads is
i'm not sure if you can see this, but i am trying to see the tablet count in this bottle
i'm playing with my phone trying to take a picture and i tried to get a picture that bill gave me. did it come out
i'm really not good at this but is this my melatonin bottle or is this my vicodin bottle
i'm sitting at a table and there's a christmas ornament, do you know if it's an angel or tell me what the ornament is
i'm so sorry. i don't know how to... i've never really taken a picture of this type of thing before
i'm sorry ???, this is just a quick test. seems to be an issue with my camera; could someone describe to me what they're seeing through the picture they're looking at? thanks
i'm sorry i was trying to find out the label on this jar. and i guess i didn't have the label properly set. trying it again. could you tell me what is in this jar
i'm sorry i'm in the hospital and i'm trying to get this set up so that i can use it for accessibiliy. what does the screen show? give a general idea
i'm sorry, but i just want to ask: what's the difference between web workers and iq engines? is there any difference
i'm sorry, i'm sorry about that. i'm trying to figure out what kind of spray this is because i think it's something either to do your hair with or something to put on your skin but i'm not sure and there's no one out here that can help me so
i'm standing in front of this lake in the lakewood area of washington state, and i don't know the name
i'm standing on one foot
i'm starting to see some more vital uses of iphone would be for me
i'm staying in a high rise hotel and i'm curious of the view from the window
i'm still asking the same question. i still need this barcode
i'm still waiting to see if there are instructions for a conventional oven on here, the temperature and number of minutes and whether to puncture it, is it on this side of the box
i'm sure this motexting this is a blue card
i'm testing this app for the first time. its a picture of my guide dog, could you describe him for me
i'm testing this for a friend of mine and i just want to know how it works. so if you can tell me what is in the picture as an example that would be great. cheers
i'm thinking 103.7 but want to get this confirmed. what radio frequency is my stereo tuned to
i'm trying again, i moved the camera. tell me who this piece of mail is from
i'm trying again. i moved the camera. tell me where this piece of mail is from
i'm trying this again. this is another spice i found, i can't recognize. what's the name of it? thanks
i'm trying to create a gmail account and for some reason i have keep entering into these caiaphas and i was wondering if you can help me solve this one, thanks for your assistance in advance
i'm trying to determine the expiration date on this yogurt. thanks
i'm trying to determine what this jar is. it looks like pasta sauce, but i can't tell. i got a mystery bag of groceries in the grocery delivery yesterday and i'm trying to figure out what these things are
i'm trying to figure out if you can tell what the printing on this bottle says
i'm trying to figure out if you could tell me what button to push
i'm trying to figure out what is in this bottle and i'm just wondering if you're able to identify what is in this bottle
i'm trying to figure out what these small stainless steel what appear to be cupcake cups are for. there made in sweden
i'm trying to figure out what this phone is
i'm trying to figure out what this slider left to right is and what it's set to
i'm trying to figure out what this tub is and another try because it crashed
i'm trying to figure out where i am on the computer. i think i'm in the boot menu and i want to boot from my flash drive or removable disk something like that. so see if you can tell me if i'm there
i'm trying to find a chair in the yard, i believe its somewhere in the area where i am. it's metal chair with arms on it
i'm trying to find an expiration date on this yogurt. could you help me
i'm trying to find out how to cook these damn chicken and dumplings. any way you can view them instructions on here
i'm trying to find out if my rice cooker has switched to warm
i'm trying to find out if this is chicken, and is it breaded, is it cooked? thanks
i'm trying to find out the number of milligrams for this product
i'm trying to find out what is in this bottle
i'm trying to find out what size this shoe is, but i'm not sure if i've got the camera aimed in the right spot. that's the question
i'm trying to find out what this is. it's some kind of frozen meat. thanks
i'm trying to find out which cycle my washing machine is set on to it could be on normal or permanent press or towels or something else. i want it on normal and i need to check if that's what it's on now
i'm trying to find out which positions on the washer are currently active. i think that left knob is the washing level, like medium or large, and middle knob is the washing cycle
i'm trying to find out, what the cooking instructions on the back of this box are, if at all possible, it would be for microwave cooking
i'm trying to find the make of this emblem. i believe it belongs to an automobile. i'm trying to figure out also which automobile it belongs to
i'm trying to find the mixing, well actually i've got the mixer there but i'm trying to find the talk-over button my mixer. could someone give me a hand with this
i'm trying to find the model number of this device. it's probably pb10 or pb12 read the label or let me know how to rotate so you can
i'm trying to find the serial number on a clothes dryer perhaps you can help
i'm trying to get the expiration date on this milk
i'm trying to identify this paper. i wonder if the text is visible
i'm trying to learn to take better pictures. so, tell me in basic terms, which items are visible in the picture. thanks
i'm trying to obtain cooking instructions based off of what is on this package. any tips to either aim the camera a certain way or to move the package so that the instructions are visible
i'm trying to read the sticker on this card. if it is shown on this photo, what exactly does the sticker say, and if there's any text on it
i'm trying to restart my computer, and my screen reader isn't working and i'm wondering if it's saying to start windows normally, or repair, or what the options are
i'm trying to return to what that tub is
i'm trying to take a picture of the chair and ottoman to put up online to sell. is this picture in focus? tell it is a chair and ottoman and what color it is
i'm trying to tell the model number and serial number for a clothes dryer
i'm trying to use this new service, what is in this can
i'm trying to use this new service. what is in this can
i'm trying to, which is on the left, which is on the right, i'm looking for audio book. i'm new to this wiz wiz thing so... sorry
i'm using this new app, trying out this new service. i think it's going be great deal to me, a great help for me. what you be able to tell me what kind of bottle this is? not sure
i'm using this new app, trying out this new service. think it's going to be a great deal to me, great help for me. would you be able to tell what is, what kind of bottle this is. not sure
i'm using this new app. trying out this new service. think it's going to be a great for me. would you be able to tell me what kind of bottle this is? not sure
i'm visually impaired and i want to see if my shirt matches. what color is it
i'm wondering about the main buttons on this microwave. what i need to cook something for a number of minutes
i'm wondering if anyone is able to see directions or at least the name of this product, playdoh games product
i'm wondering what can this product is
i'm wondering what can this product this product this can product is
i'm wondering what the varieties of these soups are from left to right
i'm wondering what this box is
i've changed the box, or turned it around. make the expiration date out now
i've dropped my usb drive right about here, but i cannot seem to find it. help me find it
i've got two kinds of cheese, american and cheddar, which one is this
i've got two kinds of cheese, american and cheddar. which one is this
i, i keep getting answers to questions i think is someone-else's. i am showing you a shirt. tell me what color it is
id like to know whats contained in this can
identify
identify any writing on what it says on that shirt
identify it now, i hope? i have a very good idea what it is but, let's see
identify specifically what is in this box
identify the bottle
identify the boy now
identify the brand of this deodorant
identify the candy in this picture
identify the card on the table
identify the color of this polish
identify the content of this box
identify the content of this package i'm making it so i'll have my picture up there of the thing i took
identify the contents in this container
identify the loaf of bread. is it white, brown, whole wheat, what is it, and also the brand name if you can
identify the name of the bottle
identify the package
identify the soda in this picture
identify the specific brand
identify the type of detergent
identify the words appearing on the picture on the screen. it's a captcha that i need to be able to identify
identify this
identify this beyond telling me that it is arizona tea? because, they've got about a million different flavors and some people don't seem to realize that. either that or i've got the labels facing the wrong way. thanks
identify this bill
identify this bottle
identify this bottle for me
identify this bottle. shampoo or body lotion
identify this box
identify this captcha
identify this cd
identify this food
identify this for me
identify this frozen food
identify this frozen meal
identify this herb
identify this item
identify this item for me
identify this item if possible tell me what temperature this is
identify this jar
identify this label
identify this object
identify this package
identify this package also? very much
identify this perfume ? girlfriends christmas present
identify this picture
identify this pill
identify this product
identify this ready meal package
identify this tin
identify this type of curry
identify what is on the computer screen for me
identify what is on the screen
identify whats in the box
identify. see anything
if i were to flip this dvd over which dvd is this
if i zoom in try to read them or is it just too small
if it can be read, what does the text in this captured image say
if it works right, if it doesn't, i think i'll come back with
if it's possible the information of this product
if possible, tell me what is in this can
if straight up on the knob is north, where is bake
if the card is shown in this picture, what does it say
if the chess piece is not in the 664 area that you just described, it wouldn't actually be on the floor so i took a bigger panoramic view of the table, let's try this
if the left hand knob of this oven is a clock face, what time is bake a? in other words at what time do i have to turn it to bake
if the letters are in focus now, what does the search say
if there is any text on the screen, what does it say? thanks
if there's a phone in this picture tell what color it is
if there's a phone in this picture, tell me what color it is
if there's any writing or messages or anything like that on this tv screen? thanks
if this green beans or kidney beans
if this is a clear photo of the back of this device showing all controls, could someone email it to me at mike@mello.com? thanks. i need help posting this on the web and i don't know if it's a clear shot
if this is an image from google street view, i need a description. i need as much detail as possible, as i'd like to see if it's possible for me to use this to locate bus stops
if this is any better
if up is north, where is 400 degrees on the knob
if you are saying to me that i have to improve the image because i'm blind, how the heck am i to do that because, you know, i can't see the image
if you can see my computer screen, what does it look like and what does it say
if you can see the battery on my phone tell me the model number and the model of it so that i can order another battery
if you can see the shirt, what color is it
if you can see the temperature, what is it? if you can't, that's ok
if you could let me know which bottle i'm looking at i would appreciate it i need to know if this is my melatonin bottle or my vicodin bottle
if you were looking at this dial on the washer like a clock, whereabouts would it be setting, so that i could go to heavy load
im hoping this time you can read the steps i took and the time
im looking for the expiration date on this carton of milk
im looking to identify this tool, i believe it to be a log smithing tool from the early 50's, perhaps earlier, and it was made in new york
im not real good at this being totally blind wondering what magazine is this
im trying this again
in english what is the list of the ingredients listed on this hot sauce bottle
in front of me
in front of you there's two coasters. i need to know which one is salt and pepper. let me know with a left or right, which is salt and which is pepper. alright, thanks
in summary, what does it say on this side of the page
in tarnation is this
in the bottle
in the following diagram draw the shape of the
in the following diagrams draw the shape of the water in the earth's oceans tidal budges. label each diagram with a moon face identify if you are experiencing high tide or low tide
in the game
in the jaw
in the last picture i sent, what color pants would you wear with this
in the picture there is a container of body scrub, what is the flavor
in this bag
in this before. it's doing something, it's percolating
in this bottle
in this box
in this can
in this image
in this photo here is it showing me or the back facing camera? if its showing the back of the camera you should see a computer of some sort if its showing me you should see a person
in this picture
in this picture, i want to know the color and brand of the piece of clothing that is being shown
in this picture, is the singer's mouth wider from top to bottom, or from side to side
in this video is the singer's mouth wider from top to bottom or side-to-side
in this video, what name is displayed
inaudible) see it? if so, then tell me what it is, if not tell me where to move the camera
infinte presence of a dream
information on this label
iphone 4s
is a mail for
is a pretty sight
is a television
is air conditioner on air, dehumidifier or fan
is anyone sitting in front of me
is anything displayed on the screen
is apple still signing ios
is battery acid or what or atleast what kind of bottle is it
is bright light odd
is cool or air to the left or right
is door
is either of these rings, kyles
is he a boy or a girl
is he fat
is he in this photo
is he taking a picture of this
is in front of me
is in this box
is in this image
is ios 6.1.3 already jailbreakable
is is a box? is it a box
is is sunny outside? and what time does the sun set in dallas, texas
is is television
is it
is it a bag
is it a bank
is it a beautiful day outside
is it a board
is it a book
is it a bottle
is it a box
is it a cellular phone
is it a computer
is it a different
is it a doll
is it a door
is it a fax? is it a box
is it a glass
is it a hand
is it a laptop
is it a mobile
is it a normal beer, or is it a special taste
is it a pack of chips
is it a paper
is it a plain t-shirt
is it a sofa or a table
is it a table
is it a telephone
is it a thumbs up or a thumbs down
is it a window
is it am or pm am or pm and what time
is it an ipad
is it asking? what? should be. i am
is it bach
is it back
is it black
is it blue
is it blue? is it blue with this stick
is it boiling now
is it boiling yet
is it book
is it books
is it box
is it box? is it box
is it bright and sunny out there
is it chocolate
is it clear or dark in this room
is it completely dark at the moment
is it curd
is it dark in here
is it dark in this room
is it dark outside
is it dr. pepper or coca cola
is it draped
is it dv
is it for hair
is it for lightening? tell me
is it good or not
is it half and remote control
is it have an remote control
is it hot, warm or cold
is it hp desktop
is it impossible for you to read the captcha image in this picture? thanks
is it juice
is it keyboard
is it laptop
is it light or dark
is it light or dark in my room
is it light outside and how many blinds do i have
is it light outside and is the blinds closed
is it lotion or body wash
is it lotto
is it made in china
is it more in focus now
is it morning yet
is it navy blue or turquoise? thanks
is it not
is it nuts
is it off or on
is it on
is it only one word, or are there two or three? because in the audio version it says numbers, and it's quite confusing
is it plain in color? no logo
is it plasma
is it possible for you to read the item number that was on the label, i just took a picture of ? i know it's small, but maybe we can
is it possible for you to tell which pain reliever this is? it should either be naproxen or acetaminophen
is it possible then that we have a blank screen? if so this may mean that something is happening
is it possible this skirt could be black instead of grey? i held the camera farther away
is it possible to identify that can of deodorant
is it possible to identify this, whatever it is
is it possible to name this cd
is it possible to read the information on this card
is it possible to see the cooking direction for microwave
is it possible to tell me how many milliliters in that can of guinness
is it possible to tell me what the name of this product is and if you can see the fluid ounces on it
is it possible to tell the ingredients of this pizza, and the brand? thanks
is it possible to tell which product this is
is it recording, oh crap, sorry i'm new to this app, is this the side with the letters or is it just showing a random aluminum
is it red
is it shift
is it still checking for problems
is it stripes or flowers
is it sunny outside
is it sunny outside and what does the sun go down
is it sunny outside, and what time does the sun set in dallas, tx
is it sunny outside, and what time is it
is it sunny outside? i'd like to know if it's sunny outside
is it sunny outside? is it sunny outside
is it the best
is it the books
is it tuna with sweet corn or tune without sweet corn
is it tv
is it up
is it vox
is it works
is it? what is it
is mine fan on
is my - is my light on
is my bose turned on
is my camera obscured
is my camera working? see anything
is my cat on the bed
is my computer at the login screen or is it still installing windows
is my computer on
is my computer performing a disc check
is my computer performing a disc check? for example, does it say on the screen, \checking files system\, or \stage one of four\ or some such
is my computer screen lit up
is my computer screen on a desktop, the normal desktop without any programs running
is my desktop screen showing up? thanks
is my dick big
is my dog a nutcase? because she's being very silly
is my fan on
is my fan on and what color is it
is my hand obscuring the camera at all
is my hose turned on
is my ipad on the table
is my laptop booting or is there a problem
is my light off
is my light off? is the light off
is my light on
is my light on, i can't tell, help me
is my light on, question number one, and the other question i have is what time is it in central daylight time
is my light on? and i have a question, how late do you have to work tonight, i'm just curious
is my light on? and i have one other question, do you have to really work all night
is my light on? and i have one other question. is there really people looking at pictures and answering questions in the middle of the night
is my light on? and what color is my lampshade
is my light on? and what color is my light shade
is my light on? and what time it is in relationship to central daylight time
is my light on? and, i have one other question. do you have to really work all night
is my light on? i don't know
is my light on? i have one other question. do people really answer questions and look at pictures in the middle of the night
is my light on? i have one other questions: how many web workers are there right now? i'm just curious
is my light on? is my light on
is my light on? that is my question
is my monitor on
is my monitor on or off
is my pc still doing a disk check
is my phone on
is my screen on
is my screen on or off
is my shirt
is my shirt clean
is my shirt dirty
is my shirt dirty and what color is it
is my smartphone broken
is my sock dirty
is my sock wet
is my toilet dirty
is my tv off and what is on the table next to the tv? describe
is my tv on
is my tv on and how big is my tv
is my tv on and what is next to it
is my tv on, and how big is it
is my tv on? and how big is my tv
is my tv on? i have one more question. what is the history of your company? give me a brief history? i'm curious
is my tv on? is
is on this necklace
is on this shirt
is on this television screen
is on this tv screen
is one of these buttons labeled booster
is pink? is pink
is selected on the menu on the tv
is shampoo or conditioner
is she hiding from me
is someone standing at the door
is someone standing there
is sony capital letters in the text
is that
is that (inaudible
is that 7-up
is that a beer or a coke
is that a cat or a dog, and what color is it
is that a good photo of the christmas tree
is that a hole
is that a one dollar bill, a five dollar bill, a ten dollar bill, or a twenty dollar bill? which one is it
is that a paper
is that a photo of a christmas tree
is that a radio
is that a sell by or expired by date
is that a sun cream, and if so, what is it called
is that a tape recorder
is that a water? what is it
is that about what i need it for, a heavy load
is that an orange
is that better? what is the expiration date now
is that book
is that book? is that book
is that caffeinated or decaffeinated coffee
is that chocolate
is that coconut
is that end of the usb cable mini-usb or just standard a
is that end of usb cable mini usb or just standard a
is that for boiling water
is that glass full or empty
is that milk
is that my christmas card
is that my leg
is that photo better or did it not do good
is that picture centered
is that raspberry ketones
is that snickers or mars
is that soap or lotion
is that soap or shampoo
is that the chrysler building
is that the top or the bottom
is that tv on? and one other thing give me a brief history of how your volunteer group started
is that water
is the $5 bill on the right or the left
is the air conditioner on dehumidifier or air
is the air conditioner set to air, fan, or dehumidifier
is the amount given in the currency note in this photo
is the answer
is the bathroom cleaned
is the bottle of aspal cider, promea crux or vintage
is the bottle open
is the bottle visible
is the bottom part of this right side up now
is the box
is the bracelet black and white
is the bracelet pink and white, or black and white
is the brand of laptop visible
is the clock face visible
is the color
is the color of the liquid red or white
is the color of this guys feet
is the color of this shirt white? if not white, what is the color
is the color white or off-white
is the computer monitor on
is the computer off
is the computer restoring itself or is it waiting for me to do something else
is the computer screen asking to repair or is it doing disk check
is the computer turned on? i'm not sure
is the cooking directions for this product
is the dialog there now
is the dialogue more visible in that picture
is the dialogue there now
is the directions in this kitchen
is the dog lying on his bed
is the dog on his bed
is the door open
is the door opened
is the expiration date
is the expiration date on this coupon
is the finger on the red positive terminal or black negative terminal
is the finger pointing to black or white wire
is the floor wet
is the floor wet? is the floor wet
is the gas on
is the glass half full
is the heat on
is the image visible, and if it is what does it say on the box
is the ipad on the left or the right
is the item now visible to you so that the expiration date can be identified if not, what would you suggest
is the label on the can visible now, and if it is, what does the label say
is the label showing on this bottle and what medication is in this bottle
is the label showing? and what is in this bottle
is the laptop screen open
is the light off
is the light on
is the light on and is the ceiling fan on
is the light on in that room
is the light on in the dining room
is the light on in the kitchen
is the light on my satellite receiver turned on
is the light on or off
is the light on or off in the room
is the light on? is the light on? is there a light in the room
is the light situation fine? is the camera fine? if not, tell me how can i improve my pictures for you to use
is the logo on my t-shirt visible in the picture? if so, describe the logo to me
is the mail for
is the main color of this purse black or pink
is the meat brown yet
is the medicine supposed to be taken every 24 or every 12 hours
is the model or make of this oven
is the name of this item showing and what is it
is the name of this supplement showing and what is it
is the name of this supplement showing? and what is it
is the number 1 key the first key on the top
is the number of model. model number what's
is the number on the back of this card
is the olive oil right or left
is the one of the left salt or the one on the right salt
is the opened
is the package yellow or pink
is the painting right side up or upside down
is the picture of this cat in focus
is the picture on this card the logo, is it master, visa or ammex
is the picture on this stocking
is the picture working on this tv
is the picture working on this tv set
is the product more in focus now so the expiration date is visible
is the red button on the left or the right of this picture
is the red knob on the right or the left? is the red knob on the right or left
is the restore processing or waiting for input from me
is the river visible
is the room light on
is the roux in my pot dark or light? is it lighter or darker than the spatula
is the same screen still up? or did it change? i just--tried to hit finish
is the screen any different now
is the screen on
is the screen on now
is the shirt
is the sign right
is the sky blue
is the sky clear or is there any cloud
is the soda
is the southern pecan or hazelnut coffee
is the spring still all white at this point has anything changed
is the sticker visible now? if it is, what does it say
is the sun still out
is the sweater a solid color
is the system up
is the television on or off
is the temperature displayed on this thermostat
is the text in this book page inverted and is the page number visible
is the text on the piece of paper under the cartoon character or is it on the sheet that has the cartoon character
is the text on the piece of paper under the cartoon character, or is it on the sheet that has the cartoon character
is the text on this page inverted and what page number is it
is the text on this page inverted, and is there a text number visible
is the tv off and what is next to it
is the tv on right now
is the type of soup visible now
is the wall blue
is the water visible
is the word balm b-a-l-m, written on this usher container
is the yuengling traditional, or yuengling premium
is their text on this computer screen
is there a black dog in this picture
is there a blinking light on this radio
is there a bottle on the table? is there a bottle on the table
is there a brand name on these headphones
is there a brand name on this
is there a brand on this shampoo and what type is it
is there a button i need to press to make it resume? or do i just wait
is there a button on here that i am supposed to push
is there a button on the table? is there a button on the table
is there a button that i'm supposed to push on this
is there a captcha
is there a car out there and what color is it
is there a ceiling fan on this ceiling
is there a chess piece here
is there a chess piece in this picture if so where
is there a chess piece that is not on my chess board on this desk
is there a chest piece in this picture? if so, where
is there a clear path to the doorway
is there a closet on this wall
is there a company name on here
is there a date on this
is there a dog in this picture
is there a doggie on the road? is there a doggie on the roof
is there a done button and a next button
is there a dot on my neck, or a bump
is there a fragrance listed on this tube
is there a green light
is there a key code on this office 2010 disk
is there a label on this multi-purpose sprayer
is there a light in the room
is there a light on in my room
is there a light on this keyboard anywhere
is there a light turned on
is there a line on this page
is there a mess on this floor
is there a message on the screen
is there a model number on this fridge or does it just say emerson
is there a mouse in this pantry
is there a movie that goes with this book
is there a name of this card
is there a newspaper on the table
is there a number here
is there a number of wifi password on this router
is there a number on this paper
is there a number or wifi password on this router
is there a password in this router
is there a past case
is there a pattern on this
is there a pattern on this fabric
is there a phone number here and if so, what is the phone number
is there a phone number on this card and what is it
is there a phone number? and if so, what is the phone number
is there a picture forming on this map
is there a picture forming on this mat
is there a picture of something
is there a picture on here, and if so, what is it
is there a picture on the back and if so what is it, or words
is there a picture on this blanket
is there a picture on this game called bop-it
is there a picture on this shirt
is there a picture on this tv screen
is there a pizza button
is there a product name or code on this tag
is there a progress bar visible
is there a purpose to the blue tiles or are they just a design
is there a queens head on this fifty cent
is there a red light
is there a red packet on the table
is there a santa claus on the wall
is there a serial number on this battery
is there a serial number on this passport
is there a shortcut key combination i can get to start the install
is there a stain on this shirt
is there a straight line on this page
is there a telephone number on this label and read it out
is there a test piece here
is there a tv in this room
is there a tv on top of this dresser
is there a visible model number here
is there a visible model number on the front here
is there a way to have the record sound changed because i can't hear it, also what is a package i'm here scanning and are there any other applications that i could use
is there a window
is there also a scale in the picture
is there an actual envelope to show mail, show phones coming in? an envelope on this remote
is there an actual print on the back of this super drive
is there an e heat designation on the thermostat
is there an error message on the screen, or is my sound just not working
is there an error message on the screen? and is there an action item or action that needs to be taken
is there an expiration date
is there an expiration date on this and if so when
is there an id on this cot
is there an image on this computer monitor
is there an item number
is there any cars in that garden
is there any chance that you can read any of this
is there any change to the monitor
is there any chicken noodle soup in this cabinet
is there any dosage information in this picture
is there any food on the floor
is there any image on the screen
is there any information on this card
is there any kind of model number written on this modem
is there any kind of number any kind of an identification number here
is there any liters on this bottle to let me know how many liters
is there any msg in that
is there any numbers on this paper? and if so, tell me what they are
is there any other ingredients in this? or is just the ham and cheese
is there any other writing other than stove top? i need to know what is in this package
is there any pattern on this coat
is there any peanut butter in these cookies
is there any people in that bus
is there any picture on this blanket
is there any place around to sit
is there any print on this side of the bag that you can see? if so tell me what it says
is there any readable text on this window screen
is there any red packet on the table
is there any sort of picture on this box
is there any stains on this guys t-shirt in this photo
is there any text on my computer screen
is there any text on the screen? if so, what does it say
is there any text on this side of the paper
is there any text readable on this screen
is there any tomatoes in the burger
is there any way of donating to the vishwas project
is there any way that you can tell me what this bottle says
is there any way to tell which kind of ballast point beer this is
is there any what you can tell me what box that is? i don't even know if i can take a picture of it right, being a blind guy but i'm doing my best. thanks
is there any writing on here
is there any writing on these pants tag
is there any writing on this
is there any writing on this and what does it look like
is there any writing on this box
is there any writing on this box? or what is the writing on this box
is there any writing on this dressing packet
is there any writing on this drink bottle to let you know how many liters
is there any writing on this medicine bottle
is there any writing on this paper
is there any writing on this sheet of paper, and what color is it
is there any writing on this side of the package that will give you a clue of what type of coffee this is? thanks
is there any, is there any writing on this computer screen
is there anybody in front of me
is there anybody in the hallway
is there anyone sitting on the chair? is there anyone sitting on the chair
is there anything at all you can see on the screen
is there anything displayed on the display on the hand held radio, on the screen
is there anything else in this dinner besides shredded chicken
is there anything else on the label
is there anything like text or progress bars visible on screen
is there anything listening on the screen
is there anything on my coat like a stain? question mark
is there anything on the display
is there anything on the monitor
is there anything on the screen
is there anything on the screen now that's telling me to perform a specific task
is there anything on the screen of my ipad
is there anything on the screen of my macbook
is there anything on the screen regarding a windows 8 install if so what is it, thanks
is there anything on the screen that has to do with windows 8 install
is there anything on the screen, something about start up
is there anything on this page
is there anything on this side
is there anything on this tin that could help me identify the name of it, the brand or anything
is there anything on this tv screen
is there anything showing on the picture
is there anything visible on the screen
is there anything written here
is there anything you can glean from this screen? what is on it? maybe describe the color
is there anything you could tell me about the screen? do you see a percentage perhaps? i'm trying to figure out where this diagnostic is going
is there anyway i can get cooking instructions for these cookies
is there are picture on this box, or words
is there blood in my stool
is there caffeine in there
is there caffeine in this
is there coffee in there? no, is there caffeine in there
is there fiber in this
is there is a light on on this thing
is there is a phone number on this card and what is it
is there model number information on this box
is there peroxide or something else in this bottle
is there purple in this shirt
is there shampoo or shower gel in this bottle
is there shower gel or body lotion
is there shower gel or shampoo in this bottle
is there some sort of error message on the screen? thanks
is there someone answering questions twenty four hours a day
is there someone there 24 hours a day, answering questions
is there something on my way? is there something that is obstructing the walk on my way
is there soup in this tin, and if yes, what type is it? in advance
is there sunblock in this chapstick
is there sunscreen in this chapstick
is there text on this side of the blister pack and what do i if there is text there
is there text on this side of the car
is there text or any identifying identification on this side of the card
is there? tell me whereabouts the envelope is on this phone
is this
is this 7-up
is this 7up
is this a 12 volt transformer? it should say 12 'v' as in victor. 1-2-v
is this a 20 dollar bill
is this a 2014 calendar
is this a 32-bit or a 64-bit version of windows 7
is this a 5 or a 10 canadian dollar bill
is this a atari 2600 game
is this a bag of bead that looks so dark blue that they look blackish with gold flecks in them
is this a bag of split beans
is this a bag of split peas
is this a baking powder or baking soda
is this a beer can
is this a better picture? if not, tell me which way to go
is this a bin
is this a black cat chip
is this a black or a red pen
is this a black pen
is this a book
is this a bottle of hair conditioner or shampoo
is this a bottle of shampoo, hair conditioner, or hand lotion
is this a box of cereal
is this a box of cocoa
is this a box of cookies
is this a box of sudafed, tell
is this a brownie mix? thanks for helping
is this a bus stop? i'm looking for a bus stop and what does this sign say
is this a cable
is this a calculator
is this a can of
is this a can of almonds or mixed nuts
is this a can of beans
is this a can of beets
is this a can of canola cooking spray
is this a can of chilli
is this a can of coke
is this a can of cork
is this a can of milk
is this a can of pam, or what is in this can
is this a can of spinach
is this a cat
is this a cat or dog
is this a chair
is this a charger
is this a chicken nugget, macaroni and cheese, and brownie dinner
is this a chocolate or apple pie
is this a coke or a dr. pepper
is this a cola
is this a computer
is this a cup
is this a dark blue jacket? i need to know the color
is this a day or night cream
is this a decongestant
is this a diet mountain dew voltage
is this a diet pepsi or a regular pepsi
is this a different screen or is this still a license agreement
is this a dog
is this a draft
is this a dusty rose pink or what shade of pink is it
is this a dvd
is this a fan, and what color is it
is this a fire alarm or a combination fire and co carbon monoxide alarm
is this a flat rate box
is this a foot
is this a fruit
is this a fruit or a vegetable
is this a game
is this a gift card for
is this a girl
is this a girl or a man
is this a globe
is this a good outfit to wear
is this a good outfit to wear? does it match
is this a good picture of my dog
is this a granite cleaner
is this a keyboard
is this a keyboard for a laptop
is this a laptop
is this a lasagna
is this a lemon or a lime
is this a lemon pie or an apple pie
is this a light blue or dark blue phone case
is this a like on
is this a lot of black in this shirt? hear my question
is this a lotion bottle
is this a machine
is this a microsoft mouse
is this a mobile
is this a mouse
is this a pair of blue topaz earrings? thanks for your help
is this a panda bear bear
is this a passport
is this a pear
is this a pen
is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme, what kind
is this a pepperoni pizza, pepperoni and sausage, supreme? what kind
is this a photo of corn
is this a photo or a blank page
is this a piano
is this a plain white t-shirt
is this a plate of food
is this a pop or is it a beer
is this a print of italian words
is this a quarter
is this a queen of clubs? thanks
is this a raging boil
is this a real display
is this a receipt? if not, generally what is this piece of paper
is this a reese candy bar
is this a regular coke or a diet coke
is this a remote
is this a shredder
is this a silver bracelet or gold bracelet
is this a six or a two
is this a skillet or mixed vegetables
is this a snakebite
is this a soda or a beer
is this a solid or a print
is this a stapler
is this a state id card, or a different type of card? thanks
is this a stereo
is this a striped sweater
is this a t-shirt
is this a taco bell cup
is this a talking timer or a talking clock
is this a taxi receipt, and if yes, tell how much for
is this a ten dollar bill
is this a ten dollar voucher too
is this a ticket for the sand dollar
is this a toy car
is this a tv
is this a tv remote in front of me
is this a twelve volt transformer? it should say twelve v. one two v
is this a twenty dollar note
is this a violent video game
is this a voucher
is this a weed or a decorative plant? and if a plant, what kind
is this a windows 8 screen
is this a woman
is this a, is this a book
is this acceptable to wear in public
is this air conditioner on air, fan, or dehumidifier
is this air conditioner on fan, air or dehumidifier
is this air conditioner on fan, air, or dehumidifier
is this air conditioner on fan, dehumidifier, or air conditioning
is this air conditioner on fan, dehumidify or air conditioning
is this all purpose flour
is this an animal footprint or a baby footprint? as if this is for a baby gift
is this an apple product
is this an application for first time students or returning graduates
is this an electrical vault
is this an indian santa figure
is this an ipad one or an ipad two
is this an iphone
is this an oem sticker
is this an office
is this an orange
is this an orange sim card
is this and how long do i cook it for
is this any better
is this any better? i'm looking for heavy
is this apple or orange
is this apple sauce cinnamon or original
is this art
is this bag black and white
is this batch a or b
is this bathroom clean
is this battery
is this bean bag
is this beef dinner or breeders blend? thanks
is this beer non-alcoholic or regular beer
is this benadryl
is this benadryl anti-itch cream
is this benadryl anti-itch cream? thanks
is this beter what is the name of the cd
is this better
is this better? tell the flavor
is this bibsy
is this black
is this black or blue
is this black or purple
is this black or white thread
is this blue or purple
is this blue or red
is this body wash or lotion
is this boiling
is this book
is this books
is this bottle
is this bottle empty
is this bottle liquid tears
is this bottle of apple cider premiere crew or vintage
is this bottle shampoo, hair conditioner, or hand lotion
is this box
is this box right side up
is this bracelet black or turquoise
is this breeder's blend of beef dinner? thanks
is this breeder's blend or beef dinner? thanks
is this breeders blend or beef dinner
is this breeders den or beef dinner
is this breeders land or beef dinner
is this broke
is this brown or gray
is this brown or white rice
is this brown rice or white rice
is this brownies or a cake
is this brownies or cake
is this bubble bath or lotion
is this butter
is this butter salted or unsalted
is this caffeinated or decaf
is this caffeinated or decaffeinated
is this can
is this can with jalapenos
is this candle
is this candy or chocolate
is this canned chilli
is this card a club or spade
is this card readable now
is this card right side up or upside down
is this card right side up or upside down, and what card is this
is this card right side up or upside down? and what card is it
is this card upside down or right side up
is this carpet clean
is this carpet cleaner
is this cat food
is this catalina free or catalina classic
is this catalina regular or catalina free
is this catalyst or thermo plus
is this cellular
is this cheddar cheese
is this cheese or cinnamon
is this chicken breast, chicken thighs, or chicken legs
is this chicken or celery
is this chicken or cream of celery
is this chicken or tune helper
is this chicken stock? is this chicken stock
is this chili
is this chocolate milk
is this chocolate or vanilla pudding
is this chocolate unsweetened or semisweet
is this cinnamon juju's or regular juju's
is this cinnamon or cheese
is this city better? tell what the calories are
is this clam chowder
is this clean
is this clear enough to tell if this is mineral veil or all over face color
is this clear enough? is this hair spray or is it something for your skin
is this cloth pink or blue
is this coarse or fine sea salt
is this coca cola light
is this coffee mug from
is this coke diet or regular
is this coke or diet coke
is this coke or pepsi
is this cola light
is this college ruled
is this color
is this color black
is this color blue or purple
is this color blue? if so what shade of blue if you could describe it
is this color light
is this computer actually on a state where it's still sorting itself out? and getting ready to boot? or, is it already booted
is this cookie dough
is this corn
is this corn as well
is this corn or peas
is this corn or sugar snap peas
is this cornbread, and if it is cornbread how many ounces
is this cottage cheese? thanks
is this course or fine seasalt
is this cream of chicken or cream of celery
is this cream of chicken soup
is this cream of chicken? or is this cream of celery soup
is this creamy or chunky peanut butter
is this creamy or crunchy peanut butter
is this crock pot set on high
is this cup empty or full
is this cup full
is this currently set on the off position
is this dark or white rice
is this das boot
is this dayquil or nightquil
is this dayquil or nyquil
is this dayquil or nyquil cold medicine
is this daytime or nighttime
is this decaf
is this decaf coffee or coffee with caffeine
is this decaf coffee or regular coffee
is this decaf coffee or regular question mark
is this decaf or flavored coffee? if flavored, which flavor is it
is this decaf or flavored coffee? if it's flavored what flavor is it
is this decaf or flavored coffee? if it's flavored, which flavor is it
is this decaf or not, coffee
is this decaf or regular coffee
is this decaffeinated or regular coffee
is this deerpark or soda
is this dell
is this detergent or fabric softener
is this device
is this diet mountain dew
is this diet or regular pepsi
is this diet pepsi or regular pepsi
is this diet pepsi, regular, or caffeine free
is this disc life is beautiful
is this dog shampoo
is this doormat right side up or upside down
is this dry clean only
is this dry skin cream
is this dvd the sound of music
is this egg rotten or yucky in some way
is this enchilada sauce or is this tomatoes
is this enough v8 juice
is this espresso regular or decaf
is this euro coins
is this excedrin
is this eye drops
is this fabric blue or white
is this fabric that i just took a picture of black or navy blue
is this fabric white or blue
is this fire engine red or yellow
is this flip flop black
is this flowers or stripes
is this for black coffee
is this for men or women
is this for skin
is this form filled out or is it blank
is this frontline for cats or for dogs
is this furniture polished
is this garlic
is this garlic fish
is this garment white
is this generic zoloft
is this gingerbread done
is this give or cordon bleu
is this gold or silver? how do i know? okay, i mean i held it
is this good enough to wear to a job interview
is this good for sore throat
is this gross
is this ground beef or ground turkey
is this ground chicken or chicken breast
is this ham
is this ham or turkey
is this hamburger or sausage
is this hand soap
is this hawthorne tincture or milk thistle tincture
is this honey or jam
is this hot chocolate, if not what make and flavor coffee is it
is this ibuprofen or tylenol
is this ibuprofin or tylenol
is this ice cream
is this ice or snow
is this iced tea
is this image any improvement
is this image more sufficient
is this inhaler blue or yellow
is this instant or cook and serve pudding? and what flavor is it
is this iphone
is this iphone or nokia
is this item
is this juice
is this just pepperoni pizza
is this keyboard a bluetooth item
is this kraft catalina class or kraft catalina fat free
is this kraft classic or kraft free catalina
is this lamp on or off
is this laptop
is this lasagna or chicken alfredo
is this lasagna, is this frozen dinner lasagna? i think i know how to cook it if it is. very much
is this laundry detergent or fabric softener
is this lawrey salt
is this lawry salt
is this lawrys salt
is this lemon juice bad? yeah, but i don't know how else to do it
is this lemon juice or lime juice
is this life is beautiful
is this light and lean tv dinner
is this light on
is this light on or off
is this light on the ipad? what color is this light on the ipad
is this light or dark
is this like on or off
is this lotion
is this lotion or body wash
is this lotion or shower gel
is this lotion, shampoo, or conditioner
is this love
is this lowery salt
is this mac and cheese
is this match
is this midol
is this milk chocolate or white chocolate
is this mixed vegetables or corn
is this modern
is this monitor on
is this monitor on or off
is this monitor turned on
is this mozzarella or cheddar cheese? thanks
is this my black cat
is this my blue candle
is this my blue folder
is this my disney coat
is this my dusty screens shirt
is this my eye medication
is this my eye-drop bottle
is this my hand cleaner
is this my hand or my foot
is this my hand planter
is this my holiday peanuts or my regular peanuts
is this my inhaler
is this my little
is this my physics book or it is my psychology book
is this my seeing-eye dog
is this my starting fluid
is this my tiger
is this my windows or a mac laptop
is this near east spanish rice
is this neosporin
is this nuts
is this obama
is this object
is this okay
is this on air or dehumidifier
is this on air, fan or dehumidifier
is this on air, fan, or dehumidifier
is this on ait, fan, or dehumidifier
is this on fan now
is this on fan or air or dehumidifier
is this on fan, air or dehumidifier
is this on stand dehumidifier or air
is this one body soap or shampoo
is this orange or grapefruit oil
is this orange slices or regular fruit
is this original or cinnamon
is this package ground chicken or chicken breast
is this package ground chicken, or chicken breast
is this packaged food chicken breasts or ground chicken
is this page blank
is this page of text blurry or clear
is this painting right-side up, or upside down? that's all i need to know
is this pajamas
is this pan red or black? red or black
is this past its expiry date
is this past the expiration date
is this pasta gluten free
is this peanut or almond flavor
is this peanut or plain
is this peas or corn
is this pen on or off
is this penedol
is this pepper mill red or black
is this peppermint tea
is this pepsi
is this peroxide
is this person a boy or a girl
is this person attractive
is this photo clear enough, and if so what is the information on it
is this pickling spice
is this picture a good view of the inside of my medicine cabinet? i'm trying to find out because i need to send pictures to the medicine cabinet company because it needs some repair
is this picture any closer to the box? what does it say
is this picture better
is this picture clear
is this picture clear, and where are we now
is this picture in focus
is this picture not too close, i don't know how you mean by it gets too close
is this picture of
is this picture of a sofa angled okay and is it centered okay
is this picture on google
is this picture two ducks
is this picture upside down
is this picture. what is this picture of
is this picture? is this picture of my computer screen show that it's booting up or not
is this piece of mail
is this pink, or red
is this pizza
is this pointed at low
is this pounds sterling
is this pregnancy test positive or negative
is this pretzel bars, or protein bars
is this product
is this product suitable for a nut allergy person to eat
is this pudding or applesauce
is this purple or black
is this readable
is this real diet doctor pepper or is this an off brand
is this real diet dr. pepper or is this some off brand
is this real diet dr. pepper or some off brand
is this really pm or is it regular tylenol
is this red or white liquid
is this red or white wine
is this regular coffee with caffeine question mark
is this regular diet pepsi or caffeine free
is this regular mountain dew or diet
is this regular or caffeine free
is this regular or decaf coffee
is this regular or decaffeinated coffee
is this regular, or decaf, espressp
is this remote control
is this rice instant or is it regular
is this rice instant or regular
is this rice or is this couscous
is this right side up
is this right side up or up side down
is this right side up or upside down
is this right side up, or right side down
is this room a mess
is this salt
is this salt and pepper
is this salt or pepper
is this salted or unsalted butter
is this san pellegrino water
is this say
is this screen on the desktop or is there any word on here involving installing updates
is this screen on the tv
is this screen saying anything
is this seasoning
is this self rising flour
is this service twenty four hours
is this set to fan
is this shake and bake for chicken or pork
is this shampoo
is this shampoo conditioner or lotion
is this shampoo or body wash
is this shampoo or conditioner
is this shampoo or cream rinse
is this shampoo or hand lotion
is this shampoo or hand lotion? thanks
is this shampoo or lotion
is this shampoo or soap
is this shampoo, conditioner, or lotion
is this shampoo, or conditioner, or soap
is this sharpie red, yellow or black
is this shirt a lavender shirt
is this shirt clean or dirty
is this shirt green of blue
is this shirt inside out
is this shirt light gray or cream
is this shirt light green? i hope so, thanks
is this shirt on the right side
is this shirt red and white striped
is this shirt see through
is this shirt stained
is this shot better? read what is on the screen and the options for me now
is this shower gel
is this shower gel or lotion
is this shower gel or shampoo
is this shower gel, or lotion
is this showing anything different? do you see anything on the screen that tells me i have to do anything
is this side empty
is this skein of yarn have rainbow colors in it
is this skirt
is this skirt black
is this sloppy joe mix or something else
is this soap
is this soap anti-bacterial
is this sock dirty
is this sofa in this one
is this some kind of bone? or a horn, by chance
is this some kind of logo or a picture of a bus or what
is this some sort of cowgirl jewelry clothing or accessory
is this some sort of speaker
is this spaghetti sauce
is this spelled right
is this stale or sparkling water
is this starch for ironing clothes
is this stewed tomatoes or whole peeled tomatoes
is this still light gold
is this still too blurry or tell what it is
is this still white gold
is this stone ipa or is this stone smoked porter
is this stone wall painted
is this straight
is this strawberry pudding
is this strength the five
is this stripes or flowers
is this sudoma or sunrise brand
is this sugar free pepsi
is this sugar or splenda
is this sweater appropriate for business wear
is this sweater appropriate for more formal business attire
is this sweatshirt brown or tan
is this sweetened or unsweetened chocolate
is this table lamp on or off
is this tasty
is this temperature dial set to 325? which way do i have to turn it to make it 325 if it's not set to that already
is this temperature three hundred and seventy five degrees
is this text inverted and what page number is this
is this text right side up or upside down and is there a page number visible
is this the apple cinnamon brown sugar and maple instant oatmeal
is this the apple cinnamon from this side then or brown sugar maple? thanks
is this the blu-ray
is this the blue
is this the bottle of febreze
is this the display of the treadmill? tell me the distance and miles
is this the front camera i'm using, or the back camera
is this the front cover of the book
is this the front of the bottle and tell what is in the bottle
is this the front side of the paper
is this the ghost chief
is this the google satellite image and i would just like a description of the image, what is seen
is this the headphones
is this the io cable remote
is this the knight rider box set disk 1
is this the movie up
is this the new apple keyboard
is this the office 2010 cd
is this the other side of the box? attempt to read the text on this side
is this the shampoo
is this the tv stand
is this the women's bathroom or the men's bathroom
is this the world or u.s. map
is this the yellow dog or my black dog
is this tide high efficiency or low efficiency
is this tilex, or what bottle, what spray bottle is this
is this title
is this to a husband or wife
is this today's schedule
is this trade this shirt
is this tuna helper or chicken helper
is this turkey
is this tv screen, is it black, is it the fuzzy screen? what do you see on the screen
is this tylenol or something else
is this tylenol? yes or no
is this unsweetened or sweetened chocolate
is this upside down or right side up
is this used for washing floors
is this valium
is this van houtte or starbucks coffee
is this vanilla coffee
is this wallet for male or female
is this washer on delicate mode? if not tell me what mode it's set on
is this watch very shiny
is this water
is this water boiling
is this waza fiber crackers, or some other type of cracker
is this wd40, or is it stuff that's supposed to calm a cat down if it's getting stressed? a choice, thanks
is this whipped cream
is this whipped cream? is it edible
is this whiskey glenburgie, or cragganmore what information read on the label
is this white
is this white gold
is this white or black pepper
is this white rice or brown rice
is this white wine or red wine
is this whole milk or two percent milk
is this window open
is this windows installing or is it waiting for me to select something or answer a question
is this wine? what kind is it
is this with chocolate or with fruit
is this woman confused
is this wood
is this writing legible
is this yarn blue or purple
is this yogurt
is this yogurt fat free
is this, are those windows? and if they are, how do i open them
is this, is this light old
is this, what is this
is this, what kind of detergent is this? is it laundry soap or fabric softener
is this? and what is your favorite football team and baseball team
is this? what is this
is this? what is this? i don't know
is why why that
is windows all the way up, or is something loading
is windows up on the computer? am i at the desktop
is yes or no highlighted on the screen
is, is the light on
is, is this shampoo
is, is this you
is. what. dollar. what bill is this
is...what is this
isd confirmed february 8th and 9th. does that work for you guys
isn't this picture blah
it contains gluten
it didn't take. what kind of bird is that
it didn't vibrate. must have to turn that other vibrate on too. you need what now? you need the almonds unopened
it does not look like right now in the indication, that it will rain
it has any writing on it. is there an exploration date
it is a box
it is asking me if i want to restore my computer, is it yes that its highlighted or is no highlighted
it is black
it is box
it is broke
it is laptop
it is number four
it is real saudi
it is there
it is white or it is a red wine
it look like in this picture
it monitor light on the laptop
it says books
it says in progress so i'll see what it does
it says recording. what color is this marker
it should - is there a label on this back? it should either be black beans or lentils
it should be a picture
it takes a little bit, though, you gotta wait a little bit. i think this was the best color idea i found
it this photo, which is number one, soy cocoa or normal cocoa? excuse me. soy cocoa or normal soy
it vibrated does that mean it worked
it's a bin
it's a book
it's a box
it's a picture of
it's also a possibility that it rolled onto my floor. did it
it's cold. it wasn't earlier, now it is
it's color
it's currently on my screen
it's duller
it's green
it's in this box
it's it cola
it's just me, i'm wanting to know if this screen has changed at all. thanks
it's money
it's my glasses dirty
it's not
it's not recording. what is this perfume? you don't double tap or anything? no
it's not talking to me. is there a send
it's one
it's red
it's stuck
it's suppose to say on the back of the card what kind of wand that is. what it's made out of and so forth. i just wanted to know what it was. thanks
it's the color
it's the quarter
it's the thermostat temperature
its a nice app if you use the bus or the train. you might not do that very much, but you might do it in the future.i'm recording the question.could you just say what is this?what is this
its money
its not crashing
jim has a collection of 120 medals
just a quick id on this
just a quick idea on this
just answer anything
just checking what this is
just curious to see whether you could read what was on the computer screen just testing this application
just curious to see whether you could read what was on the computer screen. just testing this application
just describe what this is
just disregard this picture. i'm just testing
just i know what's this photo
just let me know what kind of can of food this is
just like to know what color this stegosaurus is, as my color recognizers don't seem to pick it up too well
just need to know what color this shirt is. thanks
just needing to know what this bottle of wine is
just pretend this view, thanks
just say
just say anything
just testing
just testing this to see if it will figure out what the picture is
just testing, this is my first time using this
just to let you know you are correct. that is a flag
just trying to see what is in this can, if it will show it
just want to know what is on that label
just wanted to let you guys know for helping me with the cans thanks
just wondering if you can tell what this photo of this box is, that i just sent. i'm not sure what it is
just wondering what the milligram dosage is on this benadryl
just wondering what this book is
just wondering what this is
just, just a quick idea on this
katie ran two miles in twenty minutes how many miles per hour did she run
keep reading
key on the side of this box
kind is this floor
kind of beer is that
kind of bug is this
kind of cereal
kind of coffeemate is this
kind of coke
kind of creamer is this
kind of dinner is this
kind of dog is this
kind of sandwich is this
kind of wine is this
kindly describe
kit tell me which this body lotion
know what brand of coffee this is
know which one of these is? a can of baked beans
label and file
label on bottle
label on this bottle
label say how many calories are in this
last time i asked i got the answer design. i need color. what color is the design
last time, what's this say
last try, i turned over the little envelope on the other side to see if it actually was on that, so if you could let me know if there's an amount on that one
le cord. what is this? lecord
let me know if the camera too far away
let me know the letter on the tent
let me know what color is this
let me know what is contained on these cards
let me know what is in this green mountain coffee box. i think it might be tea
let me know what is on my screen right now
let me know what this is
let's give this a try, tell me what this is
let's see if that's any better. i moved the camera over some. thanks
let's try it again. tell me what the oven temperature is now? thanks
let's try it again. what is this? thanks so much
let's try one more time, what color is my pants
let's try one more time. what color is my pants
let's try this again. can we get any cooking directions off of this box
let's try this again. i don't know if i did this right. what is on the wrapper that i just took a picture of? what is the
let's try this again. i put this on a flat surface and there's light in here. what medicine is this
let's try this again. is there an image on the monitor screen now
let's try this again. this is a medication bottle. i just wanted to find out if their was a label and what the label is
let's try this again. what is in this can
let's try this here again. i've done as you've requested and hopefully we can get what is in this tub and i wonder if it will help the iq engine as well. for your help
let's try this one more time. now what kind of sweetener is this
lets give this a try. tell me what this is? thanks
letters do i need to enter in to win
letters for numbers
lick this
lights in the room turned on or off
list the name of this product
list the order of the cycles that are on this washer? thanks
little fish
look at this view
looking for any error messages on the screen? my computer doesn't want to boot up and i don't know what the error message is. i turned off the light. maybe that will help
looking for my electronic power consumption counter its like a five figured number and i hope its on this picture very much
looking for properties to rent in my area, what is the condition of the house shown in the image
looking for the brand name
looking for the expiration date of this carton
looking for the mode or source input button on this remote. describe it in relation to other stuff
looking for the time that this screen is trying to tell me. i'm trying to do a filevault decryption
looking to see if this is a water based or silicone lubricant
looking what i get after the recording screen
looks like it's got me loading
looks like we could have a stormy sky
louie, did you get this test? tell me what is in this picture
magazine is this
make hold. what is this? in progress... make hold
make out the picture i took? just testing this
make out what this says
make sure this is clean, that i got all the dog hair out
manufacturer, designer, trim
may i ask for the thermostat to be read out, including the status of the temperature the thermostat is supposed to go off at as well as if its set to air conditioner or heater? very much
may i have a description of what this photo looks like
may i have the amount of water the amount of milk the baking time and temperature for this mix
may i have the cookie instructions
may i have the directions on this box
may i know what is in this can
may i know what is this
may i know what product is this
maybe here will have a chess piece
maybe it's because you're pushing it down instead
maybe this one will be the one i want. which flavor rice-a-roni is this
me what the cap chess says
me what this is
me? tell me? tell me what is on the screen of this computer monitor? it's a laptop. also, tell me if the image is
mean or maple leaf
michael, computer froze. what does the screen say, is it the blue screen of death
michelle is testing to see if you can submit a blank answer
microwave say
mild or hot sauce
milk or dark chocolate
mine isn't working
miss him already, do you
morning, i have an outfit on here. unfortunately my color probe isn't working. i want you to tell me what the color of my cords, shirt and top are to make sure they match
movie is the best
mrs abibseed
must be one less error, appreciate it, thanks
my computer has done this a few times, i'm trying to get it to go to start windows normally. i'm not sure what to do
my computer is not talking. tell what the screen says
my computer isn't talking. tell me what my screen says
my computer won't talk. tell me what is on the screen
my crock pot, tell me the settings on it
my crock pot, tell me what the settings are and what setting it is currently on? thanks
my crockpot settings and i'm looking to see which one is selected and to hear what all the settings are, starting from left to right. . hope it works
my fan
my phone messed up and i'm not sure where in the sequence i am at this point. i'm going to record the question and if it doesn't work let me know and we'll and try again. i turned the package over. let's see if this side has any kind of label
my phone messed up on me. i took a new picture. and, i held the camera closer. tell me what the package is
my question is could you read the label for me on that bottle in the photograph, because i'm visually impaired and can't read it
my question is how the heck
my remote control i'm looking for like the enter or select key, or something like that, but an overall description of where buttons are would be real helpful too if you could do that
my router...the front lights
my screen reading software has stopped speaking. see any obvious errors messages on the screen
my shirt say
my shoes. what color are my shoes? what color are my shoes
my speech isn't working, tell me what is on this screen
nah, it just goes bzzz. doesn't sound like you're starting the call right
name of that
name of this
name of this wine
name of this. what is the name of this product
name the control buttons starting from left to right
name this
name this button
name this chocolate. name this bar. name this candy
name this object
name this perfume
name this plant
name what substance in the table that is in the gas state at 20 celcius
name, maker and price of this wall flower vase
need a handle
need direction for this pumpkin pie
need to know how to grill these burgers
need to know what kind of pills these are
need to know what steamer bag this is
new app test
new picture, small bottle came with my glucose monitor. diabetic talking monitor. does anybody know what it is
next picture
next picture, we're trying again. what is in this package
nice picture
nicole, what is this a picture of
nine product. it's doing something
no i don't
no my type of food is this
no question, i just would like to all for all the entries that you have submitted
no satisfaction, and i try, and i try
no, it's not working for me either. didn't say. yeah, it won't even record it's too lazy
no. in progress
no. what plan is this? no, this is
not english
not exactly sure what's going on here, but i'm trying to find out what the conventional oven instructions are and what the temperature is and how many minutes. i'm not sure if my
not sure what this is either
nothing happened. just a minute. what is that
now does it say anything
now i have a pyramid of the same 5 dvds. which one is the sound of music
now is the label coming out on the bottle, so you can tell me what it is
now is there any writing or logos on the iphone screen
now it's thinking
now let's see if they pay attention to the question and not tell me that this is a mixer, but tell me what color the mixer is
now read the label on the bottle
now read this label on this package
now read what is in this
now record a question. read the text on the picture. and then double tap
now see anything on the screen, if there's an error or anything
now see the label on the bottle and tell me what it is
now see the order number for this necklace and bracelet, and this avon booklet
now see the picture and the order number? or do i have to repeat it again
now what are my options after pressing tab
now what cereal am i eating
now what do i look like
now what piece of beef did i take out of the freezer
now what's displayed on the screen
now what's the name of this book
now, i have a second bag of coffee. what is the name of this one? thanks
now, tell how long do i put it in the oven for
number and matters
number be shown
number is displayed
number is this
number of counter
number to the highlighted text
nutter butter
o.k. i wish there was a better way to do this, but if you can see it now what are the instructions or even the brand name of the lasagna
object. dude, you're so creepy. you sound evil when you make that dog sound
of my driver's license. not that i can drive or anything
of tic tacs are these
oh cool ok it's thursday here so uh if you could tell me that one that would be awesome thanks
oh cool, oh its thursday here so if you could tell me that one? thanks
oh grandma wants you to come see her. ok. she wants to give you a board
oh hello there i've got some trousers here i don't know what condition they're in and also what color. let me know be honest, i'm gonna be buying some more clothes so give me you honest opinion here
oh hello. tell me what is this can
oh my god! maybe because there are letters on it maybe that's green and maybe the back is white then. i don't know. i don't care either, but anyway. i appreciate it
oh my insides
oh no. what is this
oh okay thanks i didn't i wasn't sure that okay so wait so you're saying when you take a picture as far as of something
oh okay, what is this
oh so do i leave it in for twelve months then do i
oh yes, something's happening, cause i see the wheel moving. okay. did you tap on the mic? yeah. anything happening
oh, i'm sorry, the wall's running to the microwave. i'm trying to take it a little bit further. i don't know if you can see the panel
oh, ok. oh, i should have known. it's just -- blonde. not kidding. . i can go now. i know what it is. i can use it now. i thought it was something else
oh, what is this
oh, what's this
oh. all my crock pot
oh. what is this object
ok as requested i've moved my camera to the left and tell me what the screen says very much
ok guys, i know that this is a knob. what setting could this be on? i'm looking for heavy
ok guys. me again. just need to have this security card on the screen read to me. it's a captcha. so that would be appreciated. normal service isn't working for me for some reason
ok here's the first side of the box, hopefully this picture will come out and we'll be successful in the conventional oven temperature and length of time. very much. i hope this picture
ok here's the scanner receiver again i've changed to my desk with the window kind of off to the side and in front of the scanner hopefully it's a better lighting and a better background so i just need to know the key layout if you can do that it may be too much to ask
ok hope it works this time. what kind of soup is this
ok how about now
ok i don't think i took a picture so what do i do now
ok i have taken a picture of a sticker close up now hopefully you can see it. again, i need the model number
ok i know this is quaker and i know it's delicious but i'm curious is this the apple cinnamon or the maple brown syrup cause i'm trying to fix breakfast for guests we have over
ok i moved back a little further taking the photo again. my speech has stopped, so i don't know whether the screen is frozen or not but maybe you can tell me
ok i moved the camera to the right a little bit and we'll try again. what kind is this? thanks
ok i tried a different angle is this peppermill red or black
ok i turned it over, maybe i was showing you the wrong side, try this
ok i'll try this again. what drinks can i make with this
ok ive turned the box over to another side. could you tell what flavor this is
ok let me see if this works ok. so tell me what i took a picture of. i just described
ok let's try this a second time. tell me all of the buttons on the crockpot and what they are left to right and up and down and also if
ok let's try this a second time. tell me what all the buttons on the crockpot? what they are? left to right and up and down? and also
ok now which harry potter book is this
ok recording a question
ok see the bishop now
ok this one might better. i had my camera port covered with the case i have whoops. what kind of baby formula is this? thanks
ok we'll try the side of the box. tell me what the conventional oven temperature is and the number of minutes in the conventional oven and whether i need to puncture the surface
ok what exactly if you can read anything hope your screen should be clear. read the screen.okay
ok what flavor yogurt is this
ok, and one more time. the temperature. i've adjusted it a little more upward, so i'm just trying to confirm. thanks
ok, for that answer. now what kind of coffee is in this box? is it the same, or something different
ok, here's the long side of the other side of the box. let me know if there's any conventional oven instructions here for temperature and time. and hopefully these pictures are at least
ok, hope this works, let's try it again. what is in this can
ok, how about this angle here? curious if this is low-fat and what brand of yogurt this is. thanks, sorry about the other angle
ok, i can't tell what screen this is on at all. and, it won't do anything
ok, i have the flap open. let's see if this actually works
ok, i hope this works. what is in this can
ok, i hope you can help me. i need to reset a password, and it has a capture code but there is no audio link to hear it. i placed the camera in the
ok, i just hit a button on the satellite remote. what does it say now on the screen
ok, i think i got the canon to view. tell me the calories and fiber
ok, i turned the box over, maybe the writing is in english on this side? tell me what it says
ok, i turned the can around a little bit. tell me what is in the can
ok, i turned the package over. let's try again
ok, i wish there was a better way to do this but if you can see it now, what are the instructions? is there even the brand name of the lasagna
ok, i've tried this once before. but, if you could tell me what the measurement is on that. is it an inch? 7/8th's of an inch? 15/16th's of an inch? something like that
ok, if it says stream, first of all that's a telephone-style key pad. and second of all, yes, that was a victorator strain by humanware. i just looked it up on the website
ok, is this the last message i got was that of a ? image. how does this one look? do i need to turn it more one way or the other or
ok, it's right before casual. how many do i need to go to get to heavy? do i go to the right or to the left
ok, lets see how that works. ok
ok, lets try this again and see if this works. do you see any kind of an id number here that would tell me what is what so that i can get disconnected
ok, maybe from trying this a second time, i know this is a slow cooker, what i am trying to figure out is if i have the setting on low, high or
ok, move the box to the left. read the label now if it says calming or bedtime? that would be the flavor of the tea, the herbal
ok, now, hi, tell me the details on this card? this is my chase debit card, especially the security code
ok, see windows on there at all
ok, so did this use the front or back facing camera? if it took a picture of my face, it's using the wrong camera, for one thing, and for another, if it used the back facing camera, what brand, tell what brand of stereo this is
ok, so there's a vibration, which means there's recording. what is the color? then...stop
ok, take four. looking at the back side, top for the expiration date
ok, tell me what the block says
ok, tell me what this says marvel legends and what does it say after that
ok, the last time i said something you said my voice recorder didn't work or wasn't working. so, is it working this time and what is in
ok, this is the last side. if we don't find it here i think i'm going to eat something else. we want convectional oven temperature and number of minutes. so very much for your time and effort
ok, this is the second time. i know there's peas in it, i've been told that. it's a microwave meal. tell me what is in it
ok, this should be a picture of the other left. i can't see the tap to stop it. i don't know what i'm doing wrong
ok, ummm i need to do a full system recovery on my laptop and i got a guided prompt screen. it is asking me to do a number of different things and to be three different screens. i just need to tell you to tell me
ok, ummm, i think it's steak. thanks for all your help by the way
ok, we're trying it again while howie drinks her water. i love you and i appreciate you helping me with this
ok, what is this picture of
ok, what picture is this
ok, what product is that and if you can't answer that all i know is it was made by human ware, if you don't know what kind of product it is what is that little label on that thing
ok. and then
ok. maybe the third time is a charm. see the label now? i hope it's black beans. that's what i want
ok. there is another picture i hope it is a better one
ok. this is a picture with a different angle. do you see another an id number now with the rt systems software
ok. what color is my dog
okay and i know that these are chicken breast strips. and i wonder since i'm showing the back of the package if you can tell if they're precooked or not. thanks, and if not you're only human
okay i need to know what this is and i definitely know it's not chicken fillets
okay i need your help with this thermostat i need to turn it on which lever is to turn it on and which is to cool it
okay i think i got it this time. read the model and serial number for me? thanks
okay i turned it over tell me what the conventional over instruction are do you have to punch holes in the top and what is the temputure of the number and minutes for a conventional over very much
okay i turned it over. tell me now what it is
okay i turned the can a little bit, let's see if we can work with that. see if we can see what kind of sauce it is
okay i wish there was an easier way to do this but if you can even see the brand name of the lasagna that would probably help out a little bit anyway
okay i've taken a picture of the back of my laptop and i need the serial number which is in the battery compartment on the label. if someone could help me at least tell me where it is and if it is there and if it is visible
okay if this is any better now, which harry potter book is this? or if it's too blurry, how can i make it to where you can read the text
okay is that better? is there an expiration date now
okay is this better or is this too close
okay just say anything
okay just tell me if you could what color it is? is it light blue
okay just wanting to know what this product is and to those of you who are actually real workers out there this product is amazing. this product absolutely rocks. and really you deserve
okay let's try this again maybe it will be better
okay let's try this again, what is the brand name for the lasagna
okay let's try this again. i need to know what vitamins these are. thanks
okay let's try this again. tell me what is on this tube
okay let's try this look at my screen if you well and tell me what's the display there will probably be an error message but let me know thanks very much
okay lets try this again. tell me what is in this package
okay my question is what size if it's visible is this shoe that i'm holding? it's either nine and a half or ten
okay so we're in the boot menu i'd like to go to usb flash drive does it show where that is? am i on it if not does it show how to move to it? arrow
okay sorry i hope this gets through what kind of taquitos are these
okay sorry i messed up the recording initially here. this i guess is a kc pride beef steak. right it is a steak and that's what i wanted to know. i'm just making sure this is recording so i'm doing it again
okay talk. what's the orange paper
okay thanks let's try this again what is the expiration date
okay this is a hoover vacuum cleaner i don't that you can see the motor we're here. let me know
okay this is a little bit different just send it back as a regular email so you dont have to replay this way itll come back to my phone. sending you the picture
okay this is my last try with this. could you tell me what the color of this outfit is, that she's wearing
okay this label, say either bedtime or calming
okay this should do the trick
okay what coffee flavor is this one
okay what's this
okay, can y ou tell me what the temperature is now? i just changed it. thanks
okay, comma. what is this, ? and no, it's not a book. period, smile, period
okay, first of all. item was misidentified. the picture i'm about to send you is a picture of a national library service player or an analyst book player or whatever you want to call it. it's not a
okay, here i am again with this t-shirt, i moved the camera up a bit and hoping that that's a better view and you can let me know. it's on a bed pretty low so i have it on the level of my chin. so
okay, here's a test, and let's see
okay, here's my picture of the radio without my fingers in front of the camera and if the lighting's just not good in this room i'll wait and do this in the daytime. thanks again
okay, here's the other side of the cd. any luck with this one
okay, hopefully that's not too far up in left
okay, hopefully this is a closer view of this red box which is a jambox speaker. i need to know the serial number which i think is the bottom line of several lines of print
okay, how do i turn that thing off
okay, how does this picture look
okay, how many, how far should i step back? that's what i have trouble with. if you could answer that, that would be cool
okay, how's that
okay, i got the temperature just like you sent it. 375 for 20 to 25, but you failed to remember to tell me whether i need to puncture the plastic or take it off, or what i need to do with the plastic before i put it in the oven
okay, i got the tshirt and a vest. it's laying on a couch, i just want to find out what colors everything is, what the picture might be on
okay, i held the camera further away, lets see if that works
okay, i held the camera further away. i think it should be black. could you tell me if it's black or blue
okay, i just wanted to know who the return address is on the, or what the return address is on this envelope on the upper left hand corner
okay, i moved the camera a little to the right. hopefully that will get whatever the code is i need and i am looking forward to the answer. thanks a bunch
okay, i moved the camera back and took another picture. tell me what the charger is for
okay, i need to know where the arrow is and where the heavy load is
okay, i need to know which of these jars is the almond butter. i could go ahead and taste it, but i'm allergic to peanut butter and i don't know which jar is which
okay, i need to know which of these jars is the almond butter. i could go ahead and taste it, but i'm allergic to peanut butter, and i don't know which jar is which
okay, i pulled the camera back a little further. lets try again
okay, i put some more light on, maybe that will help. tell me what kind of hand creme is in this tube
okay, i retook that picture. just see if you can find that bishop now? it's the queen side black bishop
okay, i rotated the bottle, i'm hoping that someone can see what this possibly could be
okay, i seem to be having trouble guessing the cooking instructions of this for grilling, so i'll try one more time. i need the cooking for grilling off this burger package. i'll turn them over if you can't see them
okay, i think i have got the instructions right side up. there was actually a telephone call right when i read the message, and i believe i turned the box over. so i need to know what the conventional oven setting temperature is and
okay, i turned the box over could you tell me what it is? it's a kind of pasta, but i don't know what it is
okay, i turned the can. tell me what is
okay, i turned the jar. tell me what it says now? thanks
okay, i wish there was a better way to this. if you can see it now, what are the instructions, or even the brand name of the lasagna
okay, i wish there was an easier way to do this, but if you can even see the brand name of the lasagna that would probably help out a little bit anyway
okay, i'll ask someone who can help my in my own language because english is not my first language so it's kind of hard for me to understand what you're trying to say but for the help anyway
okay, i've got it sitting here. it should be in more light, and i have more control over where i can put the camera, so this might or might not be any better, i'm not sure
okay, i've just taken a picture of the upper left corner of the box. so, again, the question is, what are the cooking instructions
okay, i've taken a new exposure of the laptop back. again, the question is, can anyone see the serial number and tell me what it is
okay, i've taken the picture again. this time hopefully it shouldn't have any glare. i need to know where the bar code is. it should be on the back of the cd which is what i'm taking a picture of. either way let me know whereabouts it is cause i'm trying to
okay, i've turn the package over and i need to know the grilling instruction for these burgers
okay, is the picture good enough to see now or do i need to take the phone further from the screen or get it closer? and if it is good, what does the text say
okay, is this any better, tell me anything now
okay, is this the same picture as before, or is it a new one
okay, let's give this a try and tell me if this works by chance. i've tried a different camera angle using take a picture in landscape mode. if you can see an id number with a 4
okay, let's try the side of the bottle, you guys rock. how many milligrams for each tablet? thanks
okay, let's try this a second time. tell me all the buttons on the crock pot and what they are left to right and up and down and also if
okay, let's try this again, i know this is a paper with a serial number on it. it's an id of a digital play of some sort. i need
okay, let's try this again. what is the brand name of the lasagna
okay, same question, see the colors of the shirt and i've taken a far much closer picture than i previously did. let me know what you can see, thanks
okay, so actually take a picture though
okay, so i think this is transcendent man. am i correct
okay, so what kind of card is this
okay, sorry about that, what kind of taquitos are these
okay, sorry about that. let's try again. i'd like to know the color of this jacket
okay, tell me if you can see the time or the digits that are on this black stove cause if this, if you can or if you can't, then this
okay, tell me what kind of wood this is
okay, tell me what that says? i think the calories and the fiber or if there's directions there, i don't know if there are but would you mind reading them
okay, tell me what this is
okay, the camera's about four inches from this thing, i don't really know how close to get. tell me the serial number on this red box? i hope you can read it. thanks
okay, this is a different box. because i bought one of each kind. and this one i think should be tapioca. thanks in advance
okay, this is a different bracelet. tell me what color this bracelet is
okay, this is the front side of the label. what does it say
okay, this picture, what is assembly with that picture
okay, this speaker i just sent a picture of, there's print on it, i can tell. does it say anything about what brand it is, or anything at all
okay, this supposed to be vitamins. what kind of vitamins are these
okay, trying to set up the new tv, just looking to see if you can tell me what is on the screen right now
okay, we'll try another side. tell me the conventional oven temperature, number of minutes, and whether to puncture the surface. very much
okay, we're going to try this again with a different card. hopefully i held it right. what do you think
okay, we're onto something here. i put it a little closer, hopefully to focus in on that lower section as you suggested. conventional oven temperature and how many minutes, very much
okay, we're onto something here. i put it in a little closer, hopefully to focus in more on that lower section as you suggested. conventional oven, temperature, and how many minutes. very much
okay, what color is this shirt
okay, what does the error message say
okay, what flavor rice a roni is this one
okay, what is that
okay, what is that thing, and if you can't answer that all i know is that it was made by human, what does that little label say
okay, what is the color of this outfit? and is it spotted? are there any spots on it
okay, what kind of jerky is this again
okay. do the shirt and the pants match? see them both
okay. hopefully this is right this time. i turned the bottle a little bit to the left. so, what is in this bottle
okay. i am testing my camera skills you guys. go ahead and tell me how good i did
okay. i flipped it over. what flavor is it
okay. i moved the camera back. see if that works. thanks
okay. i'm aware that this is a can, so that wasn't very helpful, but thanks anyway. but i need to know what the can is. if it's possible to read the label i would appreciate it
okay. let's try this again. this is the view from the front of the speaker. so i was just wondering what the shape of it is
okay. now let's see if we can read the label on the left side here that will tell me what piece of meat this is. and i can do something about the lighting if i need to, by the way. i'm in my garage. all i have to do is open the door
okay. oh, okay, thanks. actually, wait, bring them here a second
okay. this might be recording. this is like test number 4. and, if it is, just let me know you got number 4. thanks, i appreciate it
on the label for this yogi tea product does it say what type of tea product it is? for example, like bedtime, or for stomach, or one for relaxation
on the left
on the left is a sweatshirt, on the right a pair of sweats. tell me the color of them
on the other shirt match
on the screen
on the screen does it say it's restoring
on the screen see what is on the menu for today
on the sheet of paper
on the table, if not, tell me which way to take the camera? bit closer, or further away, or what
on this air conditioner, how is the thermostat set
on this air conditioner, what is the thermostat set to
on this card
on this label
on this menu
on this rectangular backup battery, how many lights are on
on this shelf
on what setting is it on
on what side is the up arrow
on what side is the up arrow button
once again i need you tell me what kind of trail mix this is? i'm getting it as part of a gift so i don't want to confuse them. thanks
one is this
one last time tell me the captcha image in this picture
one more box. could you tell me what flavor this box is
one more box. what kind is this one
one more time, could you see the caption and tell me what it is
one more time. what is the temperature now
one more try with this label to see if we can figure out what it is
one must try for baking instructions before i play a piece of roulette
one two three
one weak image on the screen
one with cream
orange or solitary
out of curiosity, where is the best place to hide a dead body
out of the bag look like
out of these eight disks, which one is life is beautiful
oven set to thanks
package say
paper show
part is this
participating in the clothing identification pilot study
participating in the fashion pilot study
participating in the pilot study
participating in the pilot study for clothing
pattern and color of this dress shirt
per the cooking instructions
perfume name
piece of mail for, and where is it from
piece of meal
piece of paper have any print on it
plant status
pop tarts are these
possibly tell me what flavor this is
pretty cool. what is this
price of this object made lady alaskan eskimos. done
print that is on my tv
product
product key for microsoft office, if available
product key for this version of office
product key for this versions off
provide cooking instructions for apple pie, cause i am starving
provide the cookies for our friends for the apple pie? well you mean i get the same web worker? i'll go get them
provide to me any cooking instructions based on this image on the package
qu es esto
qu'est que c'est
quarter is this
que es
que es esto
que hora es
quest was that
question number 3. can anyone see any care instructions or information on how to fluff this mattress pad
question number four: see any information on this label regarding care instructions or how to fluff this mattress pad
question, is there a way you can tell me the title on this cd
question. testing testing one two three
radio station
ramen noodle soup is this
rate the counter
read
read all instruction on the books
read all the things on the cans
read and type the code here? thanks
read any of the text on the bottle to tell me what it is
read any of these numbers
read any of these numbers to me
read any of this
read any of this material
read any word on the cd
read anything on the screen
read anything on this
read anything on this box
read anything on this label
read cooking instructions
read date and time of this invitation
read directions
read everything on my tv screen
read everything on that
read everything on this button, read everything
read for me the phone number
read instructions
read it
read it all
read it now and tell me
read it to me
read label
read me my credit card number
read me the captcha text, it should be a few letters or a word that is blurry ear a box that you type in
read me the cooking instructions for these, a movie mad a big mess of it
read me the directions on how to cook this
read me the directions on this box of mccormick's chili seasoning
read me the directions on this packet of mccormicks chili seasoning
read me the error message on the screen
read me the gift code on this card
read me the instructions
read me the instructions for this medicine bottle
read me the model on the back of the iphone
read me the paper
read me the redemption code on this card
read me the serial number
read me the text that is appearing this screen
read me these instructions
read me this captcha
read me what is on my screen
read money
read numbers and letters on this display
read numbers or letters on the screen of this radio
read off the current thermostat status, including the weather if it's set to air conditioner, as well as if it's, what the kickoff temperature is where the thermostat will go off
read off the thermostat as far as what temperature it's supposed to go off at? very much
read on somethings on this box. read the information on the box
read out what is on this little screen? i think is says something on one line
read some of the text on the green
read text
read that money
read the bill
read the bottle now or i'm not sure where to put the camera. i'm trying to find out what medicine it is and if it says anything
read the bottle on the screen
read the brand, dosage information, or any other things about this bottle
read the captcha which is the blurry word or letter at the bottom or middle of the screen? it's not the web address, i have that, i just need the word or the letters
read the capture so i can fill in pass phrase on the computer screen
read the card on the soup
read the contact information from this business card
read the contents of the box
read the contents of this box
read the cooking instructions on this. if you're not able to, tell me how to adjust the camera. thanks
read the counter
read the directions on box to me
read the directions on the box lemon bar directions
read the document to me
read the email address off this business card
read the five empty jacks from left to right, is it possible
read the flavors on any of these
read the image in this captcha for the security code
read the information if possible
read the information off this business card? the email address
read the information the button
read the instructions
read the instructions for this dip how to prepare it
read the instructions on the medicine bottle
read the knob from left to right. is it off, high, low or off, low, high for this crockpot
read the label and let me know if this is ground beef or sausage
read the label information
read the label of this bottle
read the label on the bottom of this bottle
read the label on this
read the label on this bottle
read the label on this box
read the label. let me know what the label on this wine bottle is. i need to know the contents
read the make and model of the battery case
read the make and model of the iphone case
read the menu
read the name
read the name for this chocolate
read the name of soup
read the name of the person written in either print or shorthand on this envelope
read the name of the soup
read the name of this bottle
read the name of this prescription
read the name of this type of coffee
read the name off the blur decks
read the name on that syrup bottle
read the name on the box
read the name on the eye drop bottle
read the name this box
read the numbers on the back of this device
read the numbers to me
read the prescription name on this bottle
read the screen
read the screen to me
read the screen to me? thanks
read the serial number on this washer
read the small tag on top of the other tag and see if it has washing instructions, or if it's dry clean only, on these curtains
read the statement
read the steps and the time for this exerciser
read the tag? how do i improve that
read the temperate on this thermostat
read the temperature of this thermostat
read the temperature on the thermostat
read the temperature on this thermostat
read the text in this photo
read the text in this picture and type it here? thanks
read the text of this bottle
read the text on the box
read the text on the monitor
read the text on the pack
read the text on this
read the text on this box which is another box
read the text on this side of the box? another attempt
read the things on the box under the box and tell me which color
read the title of this book
read the title of this book to me
read the words on my tv screen
read the words on this charger
read the writing on this box
read the writing on this tag and tell me what it says
read the, i think it's called the sid number, for this devise
read these buttons to me
read these numbers for me . this is a captcha i can't read it
read these words
read this
read this ad
read this and tell me the instructions
read this bid
read this bottle
read this bottle to me, what it is, and for your help
read this bottle? oh, no
read this cart number
read this catalog
read this for me
read this image letters
read this label
read this label clearly? i have had trouble with it before, tell me if it is hamburger or sausage
read this label for me
read this label on the bottle
read this label on this meat package for me, to let me know what it is
read this map on the bottle
read this meat label for me
read this meat label on this package and let me know what this is
read this menu to me
read this note to me
read this number, this captcha, for me if you can
read this one
read this package label or tell me the cooking instructions
read this paper
read this perfume bottle and tell me what it says
read this picture
read this screen for me
read this seven day forecast and write it out in the app so i can use voice over to read it? it's a seven day forecast
read this shirt
read this tag on my computer
read this tag on this curtain to let me know if it says it can be washed or dry cleaned? either one
read this text
read this these numbers
read this thing on the product
read this to me
read this? i must know it
read to me or tell me the instructions on this shampoo bottle
read to me the instruments on the shampoo bottle
read to me what is shown on this display
read to me what is the item in this package
read to me what it says on this display
read to me what that says
read what is in this bottle
read what is on my screen
read what is on that package
read what is on the bottle
read what is on the computer screen for me here
read what is on the screen
read what is on this bag
read what is on this box
read what is on this label
read what is on this screen
read what is says here
read what is stamp on the back of this fork
read what is the title
read what is written on the pamphlet
read what is written on this box
read what kind of coffee is in this k-cup
read what the screen of my computer says
read what the screen says? i think my computer is dead
read what this book is
read what this says to me on the package? thanks
read who this christmas card is from
read. read
real pun
recognize this bottle? if so, what does it say
record >> what kind of flower is this
record a question saying what is this item? and then
record a question. what is one eighths as a decimal
record could you tell me what kind of meat this is
record record
record the text on this side of the box
record what color is this yarn
record what is this
record what is this catalog
record what kind of cake cups are these
record whats on the left and the right, i'm kind of new to vizwiz here
record, what is this
record, what is this bottle
record, what is, what is this
record. identify this item and describe it in as much detail as possible, if you can see it
record. is this a diet coke? record. record. record a question, record a question, record
record. tell me what it says on the bottom of this pane
record. tell me what this is
record. what does this captcha say
record. what flavor is this tasty cake product
record. what is this
record. what is this a tin of
record. what is this vegetable? record. back. button. record
record. what is this? say what is this. what is this? double tap it
record. yeah, sure
record...what is this picture of
record: tell me what kind of box this is. what is the name of it and the brand
recording or not? which key
red or white
red wine vinegar or balsamic
regina alvarado. i'm part of the clothing study. what is the color of this shirt
report what you said
return install button on this screen
right in front of the camera
right, tell anything about what kind of coffee filter
right, this is a card. if you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. look forward to hearing from you
right, this is one of these little bottles. you might be able to tell me the name on it
right, what is this
right. right. you know i
ring to me
roughly tell me what is on this screen
salad dressing is this
same color, my hair
sandy, what color is in the middle and the other three rows? it should be, the middle should be blue
say anything
say the name of this product
say the question. what is this container? good
say the temperature on this thermostat
say towards the top of this page
say what is in this packet
say what is on this label
say what this is
say your question, what kind of drink is it
says this is a knob on a dryer and it's in the shape of a block and it probably has like normal or delicate press things
screen
screen showing
screen. what the screen says, my computer doesn't want to boot up. thanks, appreciate it
second attempt. trying to find the model number and serial number for a clothes dryer
see a bottle in this picture and if so what is it
see a bottle in this picture? and if so, what is it
see a brand name on here
see actually the whole screen now and did it actually change when i hit enter
see an expiration date on this milk cap
see an expiration date on this milk carton
see and read the directions on this
see any other identifying information on the packet, such as instructions with the day or night tablets, or what the tablets are for
see any print on this bag and if you do tell me what it is
see any text
see any text on this paper
see any writing on this bottle? i except the whiskey to be either crugenmore or brenburgee
see anything
see anything about these articles of clothing that does not match
see anything on the lcd screen of this desk telephone
see anything on this page, any text? if so, read what there is to me
see anything specific on this screen
see enough of the shirt and pants to see if they match
see his shirt? what color is the leaf
see how many refills i have left
see if there are roots growing
see if there's a year and date, and the team that ricky henderson is on, on the back of this baseball card
see if these are green beans and what cut they are
see if this ground beef or ground sausage on this meat label
see if this is 32 bit or 64 bit? thanks
see if this is for acid loving plants or for roses
see if this is shampoo or what it is? if possible
see if you can read this business card
see in the dark
see in this cabinet
see in this image
see in this photo
see it better now
see it now, how long do i put this in the oven for
see it? what color is it
see on the fridge
see or be able to give me the authorization code for this account i have to sign up for
see the bluetooth keyboard image in this picture
see the bottle better now to tell me what the name of it is
see the box now
see the brand and/or model of this cd player at this angle
see the brand name
see the brand or model in this picture
see the brown
see the captcha
see the character
see the cooking instructions
see the deal
see the directions this time? i really need to know how to make this
see the dosage information
see the expiration date
see the expiration date on this carton of milk or if i need to rotate it
see the expiration date on this carton of milk, or if i need to rotate it
see the flavor
see the flavor on any of these? there all the same, so if you know one, you know them all
see the fragrance on this bottle of freebeze
see the grounder model in this picture now that it is out of the direct sunlight
see the label clearly this time
see the label on this bottle
see the label on this meat pack and tell me what it is
see the label on this meat pack, to let me know if it's hamburger or sausage
see the label on this package to tell me if it's sausage or ground beef
see the label on this perfume bottle
see the label or any indication that this was interest
see the label? what does the label say its price is
see the model number of the bluetooth keyboard in the picture
see the model of this tablet device
see the name of the seasoning
see the phone number that is on the paper? it is a toll free number. what is that number
see the piece of mail and tell me who this mail is for
see the result of this test stick? should be a smiley or a circle
see the result of this test? is it a smiley or a circle
see the results of this test stick? should be a smiley or a circle
see the screen
see the serial number
see the serial number on there
see the serial number which is 8 characters, 8 or 9 characters with letter and numbers written, printed on the back of this dell laptop
see the settings on the air conditioner? and if so, what are those settings currently set to
see the sky in this picture? thanks
see the steak on this menu
see the text now
see the tracking number
see the two of them? this is my third try
see the two words in the captcha image
see the use by date on this fish
see the whole sofa in this picture? if not, what do i need to do to make the whole sofa appear in the picture
see the writing on the bottle and if so what does it say
see the writing on this bottle and if so what does it say
see this
see this can and if so tell me what it is
see this dosage information
see this image
see this label to read it, let me know what kind of meat this is
see this label to tell me what it is on this neat pack
see this meat label to let me know what this is
see this meat label to read it? i'm having trouble getting it to take a clear picture
see what candy bar is on this table now, or do i need to move the camera some more
see what color pants i'm wearing in the picture or do i need to take another photo
see what color this is
see what country this coffee is from
see what denomination of uk note this is
see what flavor this is
see what fragrance this is
see what is in this can
see what is in this package
see what is in this packet
see what is in this pill bottle
see what is on the computer screen
see what is on the screen
see what is on this box now
see what is on this label
see what is on this tv
see what it says on the screen
see what kind of canned food this is
see what kind of hot cereal this might be
see what kind of medicine this is
see what kind of perfume this is
see what kind of soup it is now
see what kind of tease is this
see what label is on the can of coke? i'm just wondering if it's something that got stuck there or if it's a voucher or something like that? thanks
see what pill bottle this is and what the name is? it's advil care something but i don't know if it's catalyst or thermo plus
see what product it is now
see what shin this is
see what tent this is
see what that bottle of pills is
see what that is
see what that label is on that can of coke? i'm just wondering if it's something that got stuck there or a voucher or something like that. thanks
see what the brand name is on this, and what is the brand name
see what the driver's number is
see what the labels are on each of these ports, question mark. oh, i can't, i can't tell what the ports are. maybe a quick description
see what the number is on this remote? it should be a certain number of degrees
see what the saying is
see what the settings are set to on this window air conditioner
see what the temperature is
see what the temperature is set to
see what the view is from that window, or is the sun too bright and blocking it? and if you can see the view, roughly what is it? thanks
see what this dial is set on now
see what this hand written card says? thanks
see what this is
see what this photo is
see what this says
see what type of foil this is
see where i need to go or arrow up or down or anything like that to make sure the box of checks so i can hid in it
see where the dogs are in this photograph
see which of this option is for booting into safe mode? is it above or below the highlighted area? how many lines up or down, looking for safe mode, boot into safe mode
see, it froze. i can't do anything
sell by or use by date of this carton of milk
send me the directions to cook mccormick chilli sauce
send the bag
sending message
set of guitar strings acoustic or electric
setting on this box read
shape would the clouds be, a circle or a square
shh. turn that off
ship it to inaudible information
shirt am i wearing
shirt below, sweater above, what color is the shirt and sweater, do they match
shirt look like
shirt, and does it have stripes
shot from farther away hopefully it'll be easier to read. i have no one that can help me read the information at this time. give me another try and try to figure try to figure out which language and subtitles this is
should i eat this for me tea
should i wear this tonight
should i were gold or silver earing with this neckless
show the numbers on this ticket
show what brand this is
show what flavor this is
shut up
si. dime. si, no se lo a llevado
silver oak again. what year is this one
simplify the following expression
simplify the following expression: one twelfths plus three tenths
simplify the following instructions - one thirds times seven tenths
since these answers are being sent by push notifications i accidentally lost the last answer i got, is there any way to get them back
siri what's this
sit in the bed
sit on this fridge
six hundred and ninety five times four hundred seventy six
size is this
sizes on this label of my shirt
sky look like
sky look like in this picture
sky look stormy
sky looks stormy
slaver and his sausages
small can say
small intestines, so it had to be built
so above these buttons that are here. there's like six of them. you might only see three. are those led lights above there, indicator lights, or are those buttons above those? they don't. they're not tactile but there's buttons
so does this look good enough to eat
so far you people have been idiots and haven't been helpful. hopefully you can help me with this
so how long do i cook this in the microwave
so is just a black screen or is the tv on
so is this button speed? is that a down or up arrow
so it's done, ok? i asked what was on the screen
so much
so much for the help. this is an awesome system
so much for your help but tell me if there are three cd's in this box? because i only find two i'm hoping there are only supposed to be two
so now i turned it the other way, and i'm gonna see if this looks right now. i'm gonna see if i can't stop it. i don't guess i can
so tell me what kind of lunch meat this is
so tell me what my date looks like. i want to know if i don't know if she has nice titties
so the brand on the box is seafood hearty crab cakes
so the sky does look like we're gonna be in for quite a big storm
so the sky looks like there is a storm coming
so there's no message there
so this is a test i hope this machine works, i hope this camera works, can anyone tell me if the camera works, many thanks
so this is my first time using this. i haven't used this product before and would be grateful if someone would read the directions for me
so this is my third try at this t-shirt. hopefully when you meant upside down it just meant that i needed to turn it around so that's what i did and we'll see if it's something you can identify now. thanks
so um i'm trying to figure what kind of radio this is, so any information so i can get one of my own, that'd be great, thanks
so what do i look at you
so what do we got here? from left to right
so, how long do i cook this in the microwave
so, i'm going to do the blind thing and just ask. is there something i should know about this shirt as it pertains to wearing it in general. like, does it look weird or anything like that
so, what do you see in this bottle, my dear friend
solve the relationship between n and p
solve this captcha
some cereals are
some really really freaking hard place to look
some time ya know
someone tell me what is this gift before i wrap it as a christmas present
sometimes it does this too. it's great when it works, but when it doesn't, it's annoying
sometimes they are able to and sometimes they aren't, if i had what cha ma call it reader which is like $20 maybe i could
sometimes they're able to and sometimes they aren't. if i had whatchamacallit reader, which is like, $20.what reader?whatever that reader's called that's supposed to read stuff
sorry about that, what does this say
sorry about that. i did it wrong before. i'm trying to figure out how -- i mean what -- the shirt that i just sent the photo of, what would that go best with? number one, what color is the shirt? number two, would that go best with a gray suit or a blue suit? sorry
sorry about that. i was away from the app and it didn't take me...it kind of crashed. but see the dialog
sorry about that. what is in this can
sorry about that; i am trying to get this lined up here. tell me what kind of soup this is
sorry about this, kinda feel like an idiot here, but i tried it again, so hopefully it works
sorry for bother you, but tell me what you can see at this picture
sorry for the glare in the last one. read me the captcha on this screen. should be a few letters. thanks so much
sorry guys this is just a quick test, there seems to be an issue with my camera. could someone describe what you're looking at there, the picture? thanks
sorry guys, this is just a quick test. there seems to be an issue with my camera. can someone describe to me what they see through the picture they are looking at
sorry i didnt get the answers before, what does this baby jar say
sorry to trouble you one more time. on this frozen dinner, am i supposed to puncture holes in it or cut the slit in it or just leave the film on when i put it in the oven. very
sorry to trouble you, but on this frozen dinner, tell me if i'm supposed to puncture holes in the film before i put it in the oven for the conventional oven instructions or just leave it firm, unpunctured
sorry, bizwiz crashed on me, tell me if you see any error messages on the screen? the computer doesn't want to boot up and i don't know why
sorry, cleaning out my cupboard what kind of can, box is this? i'm sorry
sorry, i kind of stammer sometimes. what i was asking was, so basically, when you take a picture of something that has like glass in front of it or whatever, is the picture always going to be blurred? or, explain that
sorry, this is my first time using this. what are the microwave instructions for this product
sorry, what is the code now
sorry. i'll try again. would you call this material turquoise? yes or no
sparks contain
speaker 1: what this card is
speaker: tell me the title of this book
speaker: what color is my shirt
speaker: what does this label say
special k bars are these
specials on this menu
specifically what card is this and is this rightside up or rightside down
specifically what card is this, and is it right side or upside down? thanks
specifically what is written on this card and is it right side up or upside down
specifically what kind of card is this and is this right side up or upside down
specifically, what card is this and is this right side up or upside down
specifically, what name is highlighted on the screen
specifically, what option is currently highlighted or selected on the screen
specify what is in this picture
stain this brown fabric
start over
starting from the left, which, what are these package
starting from twelve o'clock, in that direction from top to bottom, going clockwise, what are the different readings on this dial
state what is in the photo
still just testing it out
still looking at same trousers but my question is now will this different color polo shirt still go with these trousers
still looking for which one of these is shampoo
store is this
summary, what is on this page
surface look clean
sweet jesus
take 3 read the captcha that is on this screen it should be a few letters or a word or two
take out the hand, what does it say
takes little bit, but it will tell you what color that is. oh, really? there's usually two
talk a little bit louder. hey emma
tea in this photograph
tech people between google, yahoo and the people at bing. and all of those it workers have agreed that when they get these pictures while their doing their tech work, they'll just take a quick look at the picture and then send back
tel me what is on this rock
tel what this box says
television
tell by looking at this, at the label, what it is, i think it's a piece, a dvd in the mail
tell city in yer this says
tell from my picture which beard this is
tell from the side how many ounces this is
tell from this side how many ounces this is
tell her this box is
tell how many ounces this is
tell how many pounds this meat is
tell how much this says i weigh
tell how tall the waves are
tell if i have the oven on
tell if the name of this restaurant is
tell if the soup
tell if there's one line, two lines, a plus or a minus inside the oval window
tell if these doritos are the nacho cheese or the pizza flavor ones
tell if this has a plus or minus on it and is it light or dark
tell if this has a plus or minus on it? it's a different one
tell if this has one line or two lines
tell if this has one line or two lines or a plus sign or a minus
tell if this is a black marking pen
tell if this is a plus or a minus positive or negative
tell if this is broccoli cheese soup
tell if this is clear or what the instructions are on it
tell if this is decaf or caffeinated coffee
tell if this is flavored coffee or decaf? and if it is flavored, what flavor is it
tell if this is for cats or dogs
tell if this is lemon-aid or ice tea
tell if this is night or day cream
tell if this is on high or low pressure
tell if this is step two or step three
tell if this is the diet dr. pepper tin
tell if this is vitamin c and what the milligrams are
tell if this jacket is navy blue or black
tell if this shirt is dirty and if it's on backwards
tell if this soup? broccoli and cheese
tell is this piece of paper is right side up
tell me
tell me about color
tell me about color this piece
tell me about the bag
tell me about the clock radio
tell me about the logo on my shirt? i clicked record. what's the deal
tell me about the microwave screen
tell me about this
tell me about this calendar
tell me about this color
tell me about this cream, it doesn't really matter if you can read it. it's just whatever you can tell me
tell me about this creme, what is showing, what is visible, doesn't really matter if you can't read the full text as long as i know there's something going on that's fine
tell me about this wine. what kind it is - not just red or white but information from the label
tell me about where the arrow is? is it like at 3'o'clock or 12 o'clock on a clock
tell me again what you saw in the picture? my app crashed
tell me all the spices that are in this cabinet
tell me any visible text on this screen
tell me anymore information about this whiskey
tell me anything about this words, pictures etc
tell me anything about this, pictures, words
tell me as much as possible about this t-shirt
tell me as much as possible about this top
tell me as much as you can about these jeans
tell me as much as you can about this t-shirt
tell me as much as you can about this top
tell me as much as you can about what these shorts look like. are they solid? are they plaid? what colors are in them
tell me everything this product label says
tell me everything you see in this photo
tell me from left to right, control buttons on this oven
tell me from the picture what the size of this rug is
tell me from top where the switches dial is turned right now, to the bottom what order the settings go in. i know it's something like vacuum, mop
tell me how label information
tell me how long i need to cook this for
tell me how long this needs to be cooked for
tell me how long this womans hair is and what color it is
tell me how many kilobars this wide is
tell me how many percent of the download has completed so far? very much
tell me how many steps i've taken this morning and any other information you might see on here
tell me how many teaspoons this is
tell me how much i weigh
tell me how much is this tag shirt
tell me how much money this is
tell me how much time is left on the oven timer
tell me how much time is left on this timer
tell me how to cook these pasta rolls? let's try this side of the box
tell me how to make this
tell me how to make this dish
tell me how to make this in the microwave
tell me how to make this product
tell me if i won anything on this scratchy
tell me if it's charging? i adjusted the camera, the other picture was blurry. and i may have to take a second picture so we can tell if there's any changes, i guess when i unplug it, but... anyway, so much and let me know what
tell me if my lights are on in here
tell me if my screen is on
tell me if the brand name of this washer shows in the picture, i need to know the brand name of it
tell me if there are any cooking instructions for this product
tell me if there are any errors on this screen
tell me if there are any photos on the cd cover and if so give me a description of them
tell me if there is a model on here
tell me if there is a product name on this cord
tell me if there is any mold on this side of this cheese
tell me if there is anything on this computer screen
tell me if there is anything written showing across the screen
tell me if there's any local seattle beers on this menu
tell me if there's any writing on this package and what it is
tell me if there's text what it says on computer screen
tell me if there's text what it says on this computer screen
tell me if these are chicken, ham, i mean, chicken breasts, legs, or thighs
tell me if these are dvd's and if so, well, any information. i'd appreciate it. thanks
tell me if these are green beans or corn? and if it's green beans what cut it is if you can tell
tell me if these have a pattern on them
tell me if this actually gives an amount on the envelope or, or do i probably have to take the card out
tell me if this bag of flour is self-rising
tell me if this bracelet is black or is it turquoise
tell me if this cat is cute
tell me if this dress is blue or black
tell me if this has a plus or a minus? if it's a plus, or both lines, extremely dark
tell me if this has, this computer screen has an error message on it
tell me if this is a ham breakfast bowl
tell me if this is a regular triple a battery from a cell phone
tell me if this is an acid fertilizer, or one for roses
tell me if this is an air freshener or a fabric freshener
tell me if this is an aphid fertilizer or one for roses
tell me if this is an apple or strawberry shampoo
tell me if this is corn
tell me if this is frozen ground beef or chicken
tell me if this is lemonade or orange juice. thanks
tell me if this is like body wash or lotion or something like that
tell me if this is lotion or shower gel
tell me if this is mild or hot
tell me if this is original or cheddar cheese
tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner
tell me if this is shampoo or conditioner or what it is
tell me if this is shampoo, conditioner, or lotion? thanks
tell me if this is the acid fertilizer or the one for roses
tell me if this is the customer copy of the receipt
tell me if this is the right side that says sausage or hamburger and which of the meats is it
tell me if this laptop is coming up or if the screen is blank
tell me if this looks like hamburger
tell me if this meat package says sausage or ground beef
tell me if this one is hot or mild as well
tell me if this picture is black material or gray
tell me if this says any brand name or anything on it any ingredients basically what does this have on it picture and saying words something like that
tell me if this shirt is dirty and if it's on backwards
tell me if this shirt is dirty and if its on backwards
tell me if this shows the brand name of this washer? i need to know what the brand name is
tell me if this side of the tag says to dry clean or to be able to be washed on these curtains
tell me if this thermostat is on and what temperature is it
tell me if this thermostat is on and what temperature it is
tell me if this thermostat is set to cool and what the readings are
tell me if this tube is suntan lotion
tell me if you can see the nutrition facts on this bag of cheetos
tell me if you can see what is on the front of the computer screen here
tell me if you see a hdmi port hookup on the side of the laptop
tell me if you see any kind of writing or color change on the screen for me, ? i'm having problems with my tv
tell me if you see any white blotches on my throat, comma
tell me if you see my headphones in this photo? thanks
tell me if you see my keys anywhere? thanks
tell me if you see the headphones in the photo
tell me if you see the headphones in this photo? thanks
tell me in detail what is on this computer screen? very much
tell me information on this label
tell me is this is a baseball card and can i get the team name and person's name on the card plus year and date
tell me is this package pineapple chunks or cantaloupe chunks
tell me more about this picture
tell me my current oven temperature
tell me not to compare skin cells? very much
tell me now what is on the screen
tell me or describe this t-shirt
tell me or see the three-digit number on the card here and tell me what it is
tell me sodium content level of this can of food
tell me tell me what this is
tell me the
tell me the 1-800 number off of this card
tell me the 1-800 number off this card, and are you able to hear this question
tell me the 1-800 number on this card
tell me the battery status. if there is something i can do with the camera, let me know
tell me the brand
tell me the brand and fragrance of this shower gel
tell me the brand and model of these
tell me the brand and name of these cookies
tell me the brand name of this washer
tell me the brand of this phone
tell me the buttons from left to right, top to bottom
tell me the buttons in the picture
tell me the calorie information as well as the fiber
tell me the calories per serving and the serving size per can
tell me the calories per serving, serving size, and fiber in the nutritional information
tell me the captcha code in the on screen image
tell me the captcha letters or number in this image
tell me the color
tell me the color of the jeans and the shirt and whether they match with each other
tell me the color of the kitty cat's fur
tell me the color of the screen or if there's any writing on it
tell me the color of these trousers
tell me the color of this shirt
tell me the color of this shirt and what is on the front? there's something on the front of it and i want to know the color of the shirt as well
tell me the color of this shirt and what it says across the front
tell me the color of this t-shirt
tell me the color of this table
tell me the color of this tie
tell me the company of and the type of this fan
tell me the content of this notice
tell me the cooking directions for these egg rolls
tell me the cooking directions? what are the cooking directions
tell me the cooking instruction
tell me the cooking instruction of this
tell me the cooking instruction of this food
tell me the cooking instructions
tell me the cooking instructions for this dish
tell me the cooking instructions for this. if you're not able to find them, let me know how to move the camera, thanks
tell me the cooking instructions from the ham from this label
tell me the cooking instructions of this food
tell me the cooking time and temperature for this item
tell me the crockpot settings from left to right. hopefully the picture works, thanks
tell me the design on this shirt
tell me the design on this t-shirt
tell me the detail of the food in this can
tell me the detail of the food in this thing
tell me the directions
tell me the directions for this medication
tell me the directions on the box? i am unable to see
tell me the directions on this
tell me the eq number
tell me the eta or progress that scan disk has completed so far? very much
tell me the expiration date
tell me the expiration date if you can see it on this milk cap
tell me the expiration date of this product
tell me the expiration date on this box. if you can't see the expiration date tell me how to move the camera
tell me the expiration date on this box. if you're not able to see it, tell me how to maneuver the camera
tell me the expiration date on this box? if you can't see it, tell me how to move the camera
tell me the expiration date on this bus pass
tell me the expiration date on this can? if not could you tell me how to put my camera so you can read it
tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk, if you can see it
tell me the expiration day on this
tell me the expiration of this carton of milk
tell me the fiber
tell me the flavor
tell me the flavor of this soup
tell me the flavor of this yogurt
tell me the flavor of this yogurt not the brand which is chobani
tell me the fragrance and the brand of this shower gel
tell me the guy's name
tell me the info on this label. thanks
tell me the instructions
tell me the instructions on these. there's two parts, there's a brownie. i just need what the ratio is, how much egg, milk, water, that sort of thing on the brownie portion. and then there's
tell me the instructions on this bottle of shampoo
tell me the instructions on this shampoo bottle
tell me the issued number
tell me the label on this meat pack what it is
tell me the labels on the square of connectors in this order top left top right bottom left bottom right
tell me the labels on the square of connectors in this order: top left, top right, bottom left, and bottom right
tell me the layout of this cabinet
tell me the message that's displayed on my screen? is it an error message
tell me the model number and make of this oven from this label
tell me the model number from this label on this oven
tell me the model number on this filter
tell me the name and the number or just the name of the movie
tell me the name of my medication
tell me the name of that cd
tell me the name of the audio cd
tell me the name of the cd? thanks
tell me the name of the city
tell me the name of the dvd that is in the picture
tell me the name of the lotion now
tell me the name of the package or read the cooking instructions
tell me the name of the product of which i just took a picture
tell me the name of this book
tell me the name of this bottle
tell me the name of this camera. the manufacturer, the brand
tell me the name of this cd
tell me the name of this cd or dvd
tell me the name of this package or read the cooking instructions
tell me the name of this package? or read the cooking instructions
tell me the name of this product
tell me the name of this snack
tell me the name of this wine or some of the information on the label
tell me the numbers on the square
tell me the numbers on this barcode
tell me the order of the buttons on this remote control
tell me the order of these shampoo conditioner
tell me the order of these? like shampoo, conditioner
tell me the order of this, like shampoo, conditioner
tell me the orders of the buttons on this remote control
tell me the percentage or progress of the windows 7 installation
tell me the picture
tell me the pin on the back of this router
tell me the position, the names of these buttons from left to right on the dishwasher
tell me the price of this computer
tell me the progress of the discount that's taking place
tell me the progress of the windows installation? very much
tell me the readings on this thermostat
tell me the recipe of this pack
tell me the serial number on this apple keyboard
tell me the serial number on this mouse? thanks
tell me the serving size and calories
tell me the size of this
tell me the sodium content level of the food that's in this can
tell me the sodium content level of this box of food
tell me the sodium content level of this can of food
tell me the sodium content of this can of food
tell me the sodium content of this food
tell me the sodium level
tell me the sodium level of this product
tell me the specific scent or wording on this package
tell me the temperature in which the thermostat is set to go off? very much
tell me the temperature setting
tell me the temperature that i have set this oven to
tell me the temperature that this oven is set to. very much
tell me the temperature the stove is set to
tell me the temperature this oven is set too
tell me the them of this book
tell me the thermostat readings
tell me the three, four, or five digit number on the top left corner of the screen
tell me the time
tell me the time? i need to know right now
tell me the title and artist written on this cassette
tell me the title and story on the front page of that magazine
tell me the title of the dvd
tell me the title of this book
tell me the title of this book, for your time
tell me the title of this book. for your time
tell me the tracking number on the notice
tell me the type of food in this pack
tell me the type of food in this packet
tell me the type of fruit in this can as detailed as possible
tell me the value of this card
tell me the verification code
tell me the writing on the screen
tell me this apartment number
tell me this card
tell me this product key
tell me this upc number is
tell me what
tell me what * this is, and what country
tell me what about this one? what about this one
tell me what baseball card this is? and the team? and the person's name? and, hopefully, a name and date? i can't tell
tell me what bill that is
tell me what book on audio cd this is
tell me what bottle is that
tell me what bottle this is
tell me what brand of chicken breasts these are
tell me what brand of coffee this is
tell me what brand these are
tell me what brand these are so i can google search the directions
tell me what brand this is? i think it's a netgear but i am not sure
tell me what bus stop this is
tell me what button is what on this machine
tell me what buttons are what on this machine
tell me what c.d. number this is? there is fifteen cd's i think this is the second of 15. very much
tell me what can this is
tell me what canned food item this is
tell me what card it is
tell me what card this is
tell me what cd is um what the label is on this cd
tell me what cd this is
tell me what classroom this is
tell me what color is it
tell me what color is my pillowcase
tell me what color is my tank top
tell me what color is the shirt
tell me what color is these chips
tell me what color my prom dress is
tell me what color my shirt is
tell me what color of thread this is? it's not working
tell me what color shirt this is
tell me what color that is
tell me what color that shirt is
tell me what color the carpet is
tell me what color the fabric is in this picture if you can see it. i might have messed up the picture
tell me what color the hard drive is
tell me what color the pants are that i'm wearing? they're just below the knee. i can't tell if they're- well i just don't know what color they are
tell me what color these beads are
tell me what color these pants are
tell me what color this ball of yarn is
tell me what color this blouse is and as much detail as possible
tell me what color this car is
tell me what color this cats eyes are? he's a stray
tell me what color this cloth is
tell me what color this dress is
tell me what color this is
tell me what color this is ? . my finger was in the way
tell me what color this is ? thanks
tell me what color this is and what it says. that's a lot of questions. usually i just ask the color
tell me what color this is and what patter is on it
tell me what color this modem is
tell me what color this shirt is
tell me what color this shirt is and what the design is on the front
tell me what color this shirt is that i just took a picture of
tell me what color this shirt is, and what is on it
tell me what color this skirt is
tell me what color this sneaker is
tell me what color this t-shirt is, and what it says
tell me what color this top is
tell me what color this yarn is
tell me what colors are on my shirt
tell me what colors these pants are and the stripes that's in the pants
tell me what colors these two ink cartridges are, ? thanks
tell me what cycle this dial is pointing to
tell me what denomination of money that was
tell me what drink this is
tell me what each brand is--left and right
tell me what envelope this is
tell me what eye drop this is
tell me what flavor chips are in this bag
tell me what flavor coffee this is
tell me what flavor of coffee this is? and if the camera is too close let me know
tell me what flavor of shampoo this is
tell me what flavor of tea this is
tell me what flavor soda this is
tell me what flavor these biscuits are
tell me what flavor these cookies are
tell me what flavor this box of coffee is
tell me what flavor this coffee is
tell me what flavor this gevalia coffee is
tell me what flavor this gevalia coffee is? what's the color of it. if the camera is too close let me know
tell me what flavor this is
tell me what flavor this is, such as watermelon
tell me what flavor this is? is it chocolate, strawberry or something
tell me what flavor this is? oatmeal
tell me what flavor this one is
tell me what flavor water this is
tell me what food this brand is
tell me what frozen dinner this is and what the conventional oven instructions are such as punching holes in the top, temperature and length of time? very much
tell me what frozen dinner this might be? thanks
tell me what frozen food item this is
tell me what household product this is
tell me what i have it set on now
tell me what i need to do
tell me what i'm holding
tell me what i'm wearing
tell me what ice cream this is
tell me what information is in the central display
tell me what is displayed on the screen
tell me what is in each container from left to right
tell me what is in front of me
tell me what is in that bottle? hopefully you can
tell me what is in that can
tell me what is in that container
tell me what is in that pocket
tell me what is in the bottle that's pictured? hopefully i can get the bottle in there
tell me what is in the box
tell me what is in the can
tell me what is in the can in my right hand
tell me what is in the tin
tell me what is in these four cans from the left to the right
tell me what is in these two bottles
tell me what is in this bag
tell me what is in this bag or what type of bag it is
tell me what is in this bag or what type of bag this is
tell me what is in this bottle
tell me what is in this bottle? very very much
tell me what is in this box
tell me what is in this box of frozen dinner
tell me what is in this box? i know it's keurig but i don't know what flavor it is
tell me what is in this can
tell me what is in this can and what brand it is if possible
tell me what is in this can s
tell me what is in this can, ? i think it's green beans but i'm not sure
tell me what is in this computer
tell me what is in this container
tell me what is in this envelope
tell me what is in this food envelope
tell me what is in this food packaging. i know it's a tesco's indian meal of some kind
tell me what is in this glass
tell me what is in this image
tell me what is in this jar
tell me what is in this k cup
tell me what is in this package
tell me what is in this packet
tell me what is in this packet? some sort of microwave meal but i don't know what it is
tell me what is in this photo
tell me what is in this picture on my wall
tell me what is in this tin
tell me what is in this tin ? i think it might be beans or tomatoes
tell me what is in this tube, i think it's hand cream but i'm not sure
tell me what is inside this box
tell me what is it
tell me what is lying on the table? am i using the right camera? tell me what you see a picture of
tell me what is on my computer screen
tell me what is on my computer screen? is this the log-on screen? or the desktop
tell me what is on my screen
tell me what is on my screen. . i have no speech, bless you wall for doing this
tell me what is on my screen. i'm trying to boot from a usb flash drive, so if you can see that option somewhere, maybe tell me where it looks like it is
tell me what is on my screen., . i have no speech. bless you all for doing this. oh no
tell me what is on my screen., . i have no speech. bless you all for doing this. oh, no
tell me what is on screen
tell me what is on the case of this dvd
tell me what is on the computer screen
tell me what is on the front of that shirt
tell me what is on the label on this box
tell me what is on the monitor
tell me what is on the other side of this box? in the photo i just sent you
tell me what is on the screen
tell me what is on the screen now, if anything's changed
tell me what is on the screen. it'll either be, well probably an error message. so, tell me what is on the screen
tell me what is on the screen. it'll probably be an error message
tell me what is on the screen? and if there's anything i need to interact with, which may include selecting an item, or inputting information. very much
tell me what is on the stove here? uh, the buttons from top left to top right
tell me what is on this
tell me what is on this bottle
tell me what is on this bottle of whiskey? what type of whiskey
tell me what is on this box
tell me what is on this box and read the preparation instructions
tell me what is on this business card
tell me what is on this can for what type of food it is
tell me what is on this card
tell me what is on this cd label
tell me what is on this computer screen
tell me what is on this envelope
tell me what is on this food box
tell me what is on this glass mug
tell me what is on this label
tell me what is on this magazine? or what kind of magazine it is
tell me what is on this menu
tell me what is on this package
tell me what is on this page on the avon booklet and the order number and the cost
tell me what is on this page, and it's orientation
tell me what is on this photo
tell me what is on this printed material
tell me what is on this screen
tell me what is on this screen ? if at all readable or anything like that
tell me what is on this screen? is it the desktop or something else
tell me what is on this shirt
tell me what is on this shirt thanks
tell me what is said on this bottle
tell me what is says on the sticker? thanks
tell me what is this
tell me what is this box
tell me what is this carton
tell me what is this object
tell me what is this picture
tell me what is this, i sent you a image, tell me about this, what is this
tell me what is written on the coin holder
tell me what is written on this menu
tell me what it is
tell me what it says after the arrow
tell me what it says exactly? marvel deligence and then what does it says after that, what name
tell me what it says on the box here
tell me what it says on the breast of this collared shirt
tell me what it says on the screen
tell me what it says on this bottle
tell me what it says on this cd, what does it say on this cd
tell me what it shows on the screen now, if it gives any instructions on what i need to do? i'm blind and cannot see the screen
tell me what item this is
tell me what kind of beer that is
tell me what kind of beer this is
tell me what kind of box this is
tell me what kind of bread is this? is it white or brown bread
tell me what kind of bread this is
tell me what kind of can this is? . what's the name of the can
tell me what kind of candy bar this is
tell me what kind of canned vegetable this is
tell me what kind of car this is
tell me what kind of card this is
tell me what kind of card this is, and if it's a baseball card, tell the team and the player's name
tell me what kind of cereal this is
tell me what kind of chips are in this bag
tell me what kind of chips these are
tell me what kind of chocolate this is
tell me what kind of coffee or tea this is
tell me what kind of coffee this is
tell me what kind of coffee this is? i know its a keurig brand but i need to know what flavor
tell me what kind of coffee this is? is it plain? hazelnut
tell me what kind of coffeemate this is
tell me what kind of coke can this is? for your assistance
tell me what kind of cookies these are? i can't really see
tell me what kind of dip is in this container
tell me what kind of dog this is
tell me what kind of drink this is? i know this is like a can, but i don't know what drink it is
tell me what kind of eyedrop this is? the name brand? and where can i find it
tell me what kind of fish this is and how to cook it
tell me what kind of flower this is
tell me what kind of food is in this container
tell me what kind of food this is
tell me what kind of frozen dinner that is
tell me what kind of frozen dinner this might be? thanks
tell me what kind of frozen vegetable this is
tell me what kind of frozen vegetables these are
tell me what kind of girl scout cookies are in this box
tell me what kind of girl scout cookies these are
tell me what kind of k-cup this is
tell me what kind of keurig flavor coffee this is? i know it's keurig, what flavor
tell me what kind of macaroni and cheese this is? . what brand
tell me what kind of meat is in this package
tell me what kind of meat this is in this package
tell me what kind of meat this is? i think it is lamb but could you just confirm that for me? so much
tell me what kind of medication this is
tell me what kind of merlot this wine is. very much
tell me what kind of options are on there and what's highlighted as the option now. i'm trying to get passed this step so my computer loads up normally
tell me what kind of paint this is? for primer
tell me what kind of phone this is
tell me what kind of phone this is and also tell me what kind of charger does it take
tell me what kind of phone this is? this is, i mean
tell me what kind of pizza this is or if there are any kind of cooking instructions
tell me what kind of pop this is
tell me what kind of product this dinosaur is? he hatched from this egg sitting next to him
tell me what kind of reading card this is? is it christmas or sympathy or what kind of card
tell me what kind of seasoning this is
tell me what kind of shampoo this is, or if it's conditioner
tell me what kind of soda this is
tell me what kind of soft drink this is
tell me what kind of speakers these are
tell me what kind of spice this is
tell me what kind of spray this is because i think it's something for on your skin but it doesn't smell or anything like there's no perfume in there, and usually those things
tell me what kind of tea or coffee this is
tell me what kind of tea this is
tell me what kind of tooth paste this is? i need to brush my teeth and i need to know now
tell me what kind of tube this is
tell me what kind of tv dinner this is
tell me what kind of vegetable this is
tell me what kind of vehicle this is
tell me what kind of wine this is. is it red or white? and the name
tell me what kind of wine this is? color and name if possible
tell me what kind of wood this is
tell me what kinds of vegetables these are
tell me what lean cuisines they are
tell me what lights are on on the modem
tell me what maybe it is
tell me what meal this is
tell me what medication that is
tell me what medication this is
tell me what my finger looks like? is it bleeding? or tell how bad i cut it
tell me what my king super's number is
tell me what my rate is
tell me what my shirt says
tell me what my weight is
tell me what number it is
tell me what number this is
tell me what order the settings are on this crock-pot. the knob is turned all the way to the right at this point
tell me what page number is on this page
tell me what page number this is
tell me what page number this is and whether it is right side up or upside down
tell me what page number this is and whether or not the page is right side up or upside down
tell me what page number this is and whether or not the page numbers are upside down
tell me what percentage of being done the process is here
tell me what picture this is
tell me what pill this is
tell me what product is what? especially which one is the shampoo
tell me what product this is
tell me what product this is? what simmer sauce this is
tell me what scent this is
tell me what screen is this
tell me what screen this is
tell me what see here in this picture
tell me what shade of pink this fabric is
tell me what size measuring cup this is
tell me what size these are, i think they're 36x32s
tell me what size this is
tell me what size this shirt is
tell me what size weight this is
tell me what sort of car this is
tell me what sort of card this is
tell me what spice this is
tell me what store in front of me
tell me what stripes are on this shirt
tell me what tablets these are
tell me what temperature my oven is set on
tell me what temperature this thermometer is set on
tell me what that can of es bolt is
tell me what that is
tell me what that jar is
tell me what that label is
tell me what that measures to? what the measurement is. thanks
tell me what that packet is
tell me what that picture was
tell me what the bag is that i just took a picture of
tell me what the brand and name of these burritos are
tell me what the buttons at the top and the bottom of the inner circle are labeled
tell me what the buttons do or what the names are from left to right on the scanner
tell me what the buttons in the middle in the circle are
tell me what the buttons or anything says on this screen
tell me what the buttons that are horizontally arranged on this channel are
tell me what the captcha is? the number on this screen
tell me what the captcha says
tell me what the captcha says? and thanks for all your help, i do appreciate it
tell me what the card says
tell me what the charcoals look like. are they ready to cook yet
tell me what the code on this itunes gift card is
tell me what the color
tell me what the computer says within the workstation screen? very much
tell me what the computer screen is saying? windows is not booting
tell me what the computer screen says
tell me what the computer screen says within in the vmware workstation window? particular to see if there's any progress on the windows installation
tell me what the computer screen says? very much
tell me what the contents of this bottle are
tell me what the conventional oven information is? degrees and number of minutes in the oven
tell me what the conventional oven preheat temperature is and for how many minutes
tell me what the conventional oven temperature and number of minutes for this frozen dinner food
tell me what the conventional oven temperature is and for how many minutes and whether i need to puncture the lid? very much
tell me what the design is, what picture it is or if its a logo or something, thanks
tell me what the design of this wrapping paper is? christmas, easter, birthday, or whatever
tell me what the directions say to make these cookies
tell me what the display readout says? very much
tell me what the display says
tell me what the dryer's set to, and which way does it turn it to increase the temperature? very much
tell me what the error message is and how i need to clear it, what i need to do to clear it
tell me what the error message is and what i can do to get past it
tell me what the error message is on the windows screen
tell me what the expiration date is on this can? and if you can't read it, could you tell me how to guide my camera in order for you to read it
tell me what the expiration date is on this yogurt
tell me what the frozen dinner is here? if you can see oven instructions for preheating the convention oven and the number of minutes that would be great to
tell me what the graphics on the bag look like
tell me what the information is on this wine bottle label
tell me what the ingredients are in this box
tell me what the inputs are labeled from left to right
tell me what the ipad screen says. very much
tell me what the label is on this bottle
tell me what the label is on this meat pack
tell me what the label on this bottle says
tell me what the label on this meat wrapper is? if it's for hamburger or sausage
tell me what the label says
tell me what the label says is in this tub
tell me what the label says on this
tell me what the label says on this bottle
tell me what the label says on this box
tell me what the label says on this can
tell me what the label says on this can? question mark
tell me what the lcd display reads now
tell me what the left side of this booklet says
tell me what the little lcd says, and if it has any error message on it
tell me what the microwave is showing? the time
tell me what the name of that album is
tell me what the name of this dvd set is
tell me what the name on this tube is
tell me what the number is on my king soopers card
tell me what the numbers are on these tickets
tell me what the oven might be set on
tell me what the oven temperature is set to
tell me what the phone screen says, if anything
tell me what the picture is on the front of this shirt
tell me what the picture is on this gift bag
tell me what the plaque says
tell me what the product is, in the bottle, in the picture
tell me what the product key is on this card
tell me what the progress is on the scan that i am running
tell me what the progress is on the screen
tell me what the read out on the scale is
tell me what the scale says
tell me what the screen is saying
tell me what the screen says
tell me what the screen says. i don't need to know that it's a screen, i don't need to know that it's a laptop, i need to know what is on the screen
tell me what the screen says? the screen capture security code
tell me what the screen shows, and have it has any error message
tell me what the security capture is
tell me what the security code is
tell me what the security code is on the screen
tell me what the security code is on the screen, ? what it says
tell me what the security question, or the security numbers and letter are so i can add this into my edit field? thanks
tell me what the serial number is
tell me what the setting is on
tell me what the t-shirt says
tell me what the tablets are that are photographed? if ive got the photo correct
tell me what the temperature is for the conventional oven and how many minutes does this pizza need to be cooked
tell me what the temperature is on this air condition
tell me what the temperature is on this oven
tell me what the temperature is set at
tell me what the temperature on the thermostat is
tell me what the thermostat is set at
tell me what the thermostat is set to
tell me what the thermostat is set to including the temperature if it's set to on or auto
tell me what the thermostat is set to including whether it's auto on and the temperature
tell me what the thermostat temperature is set on
tell me what the thing in the box says
tell me what the three buttons are across the bottom of this thermostat
tell me what the three buttons are from left to right
tell me what the time is on the screen, and also if you can see any arrows that point to the type of baking instruction, like basic, or wheat, or any information that
tell me what the title of this book is? for your time
tell me what the twelve or thirteen digit is number on the back of my card? it should start with two or four
tell me what the two large buttons on the button are, from left to right
tell me what the two words are in the audio visual captcha
tell me what the writing is on this box as in what the item is
tell me what these are
tell me what these are called
tell me what these buttons on the microwave are
tell me what these buttons say
tell me what these capsules are or these pills? if it's ibuprofen, advil, or anything like that
tell me what these knobs are set to. the temperature control and the fan control
tell me what these metals are
tell me what these numbers say
tell me what these ones say
tell me what these pills are
tell me what these suspenders look like
tell me what these sweets are
tell me what these templates are
tell me what these two items are
tell me what these two knobs are set to
tell me what these two packages are
tell me what this a can of
tell me what this accent is
tell me what this bag of chips is
tell me what this beer is
tell me what this beer is? it's either fuller's esb or fuller's 1845
tell me what this beer is? it's fuller's eight to forty five or esb, i'm not sure which
tell me what this beer is? it's fullers 1845 or bsb? i'm not sure which
tell me what this beer is? thanks you
tell me what this book is a picture of
tell me what this bottle is
tell me what this bottle is? is it steak sauce or pork cocktail, if you can see the picture clearly
tell me what this bottle is? what kind of juice
tell me what this bottle is? what the brand is
tell me what this bottle say what this bottle is
tell me what this bottle say, . i don't know what it say. help me
tell me what this bottle says
tell me what this bottle says? i need to know what medicine it is and how to use it
tell me what this box is? is it apple cinnamon muffins or lemon cake
tell me what this box says
tell me what this box says? i hope it's not too dark
tell me what this button is
tell me what this button is that i'm pointing to
tell me what this button is that my finger is touching
tell me what this button is? that my finger is pointing to
tell me what this button says now
tell me what this can is
tell me what this can is? thanks
tell me what this can of vegetables is
tell me what this can says
tell me what this can says so i can figure out what is in it
tell me what this canned food item is
tell me what this captcha says
tell me what this card is
tell me what this card is? if it's a baseball card, a football card, or what and who and the name on it
tell me what this card says? does it have a 1-800 number on it
tell me what this carton is sized
tell me what this cereal box is
tell me what this city is called
tell me what this container has inside
tell me what this container is ? i know it's powder, i just need to know what it is
tell me what this couch looks like, what color
tell me what this device is? it's a linxsys but i'm not sure the model
tell me what this dog looks like
tell me what this doll looks like
tell me what this dryer is set to
tell me what this emblem is or what logo it is
tell me what this envelope is? what is in it
tell me what this fabric looks like, and what color
tell me what this file says
tell me what this filter says on it? anything about the model, the make, the anything
tell me what this flavor is
tell me what this food is in this bag
tell me what this food item is
tell me what this food item is on this box
tell me what this fragrance is
tell me what this frozen dinner happens to be? very much
tell me what this frozen dinner is and how many minutes in a conventional oven it takes and at what temperature? very much
tell me what this frozen dinner is and the conventional oven temperature and for how many minutes
tell me what this frozen food is
tell me what this harddrive says on the back
tell me what this identification code is
tell me what this information says if possible
tell me what this is
tell me what this is a bottle of
tell me what this is a bottle of? what is this bottle of
tell me what this is a box of
tell me what this is a package of
tell me what this is a picture of
tell me what this is a tin of
tell me what this is and how to cook it
tell me what this is and what color it is? thanks
tell me what this is and what it does
tell me what this is and what the conventional number of degrees of the oven and number of minutes
tell me what this is called
tell me what this is in the picture
tell me what this is on this can
tell me what this is or says or i don't know, can't tell
tell me what this is the top of? i'm wondering if it's either single or double cream
tell me what this is, and if possible, any cooking instructions that you could see. thanks
tell me what this is, i don't know
tell me what this is-this item
tell me what this is. thanks
tell me what this is? and what brand it is? i would like to order the product and know what to tell them. thanks
tell me what this is? do i have the label the right way
tell me what this is? i hope i took the picture right, and this is a wonderful application
tell me what this is? i hope i've took the picture right, and, this is a wonderful application
tell me what this is? if you can see it
tell me what this is? is it possible to read any of it
tell me what this is? is it tomatoes? or enchilada sauce
tell me what this is? it's some kind of medication
tell me what this is? tell me what this is
tell me what this is? this box of candy, what kind it is
tell me what this item is
tell me what this item is in this can ? you guys do a great job
tell me what this item is? i know it's some kind of lotion
tell me what this item is? so much for all your help, i appreciate it
tell me what this itunes gift card says? the code on it, or if i have it facing right
tell me what this knob is on
tell me what this label is
tell me what this label says
tell me what this label says. i do not have any audio playing in the background, its just my voice
tell me what this letter says
tell me what this little sticker says, everything on it
tell me what this logo/label says
tell me what this meat is
tell me what this meat is, if it's ground beef or something
tell me what this meat pack is
tell me what this meat package is? if you can see the label
tell me what this meat packet is
tell me what this medicine is
tell me what this message says on my computer screen
tell me what this model is
tell me what this notice says
tell me what this number is
tell me what this package is
tell me what this package is ? i hope it doesn't look too awful,i'm sorry bags
tell me what this page number is
tell me what this paper is
tell me what this paper is about
tell me what this paper says
tell me what this paper says? hopefully this picture will be better
tell me what this photo is
tell me what this photograph is i just took
tell me what this picture is
tell me what this pizza says
tell me what this pop up is saying
tell me what this pop-up says
tell me what this price tag says
tell me what this product is
tell me what this product is and some of the information on the label
tell me what this receipt says
tell me what this saids
tell me what this says
tell me what this says now
tell me what this says on the screen
tell me what this says on the tag
tell me what this says on this box
tell me what this says on this food box
tell me what this says or if there are any pictures on it
tell me what this says. tell me what this says
tell me what this says? thanks
tell me what this scale says
tell me what this screen says
tell me what this screen says because the computers not functioning properly and it gave another sound
tell me what this screen says? very much
tell me what this seasoning is good to put on
tell me what this shirt has on it
tell me what this shirt looks like
tell me what this sign says
tell me what this sign says, if possible
tell me what this stock is
tell me what this tell me what this is saying
tell me what this tube is
tell me what this warning is
tell me what this washer is set to
tell me what this writing says on the picture that i've taken a photo of
tell me what time is it for
tell me what time it is in eastern daylight time
tell me what time it is on that clock
tell me what title is on this book
tell me what type of burritos these are
tell me what type of card this is, who it is, and what team they're playing for
tell me what type of cheese that is
tell me what type of cheese this is
tell me what type of chicken this is
tell me what type of dog food this is
tell me what type of food is in this, can as detailed as possible
tell me what type of food is? in detail
tell me what type of macaroni this is so i can look up some directions for it
tell me what type of macaroni this is? like, what brand it is
tell me what type of meat this is, or if there's a label there
tell me what type of pill these are . if its tylenol, advil, or ibprofen, something like that
tell me what type of sandwich this is
tell me what type of savings discount card this may be
tell me what type of shaving lotion this is
tell me what type of spice this is
tell me what type of tea this is
tell me what type of tree this is
tell me what type of wrapping paper this is: if it's a regular or if it's a christmas wrap
tell me what types of flower these are
tell me what whiskey this is
tell me what you can see
tell me what you can see in this photograph in detail
tell me what you can see in this picture
tell me what you can see on this picture. this is a test for biz whiz. very much
tell me what you can see. also see what is in this bottle
tell me what you see in front of you
tell me what you see in this photograph
tell me what you see in this video screen shot
tell me what you see on my image if my, on the camera, if my image is focused properly
tell me what you see with the camera
tell me what you see. really
tell me what's actually on the monitor here because of these picture
tell me what's being displayed on my screen, it's probably an error message of some kind, but let me know. thanks
tell me what's sauce this is? is this steak sauce or i think it's pork katsu sauce? i'm not sure
tell me what's the color
tell me what's the color for this ipad
tell me what's this
tell me what's this coin
tell me what's written on this card
tell me what's written on this certificate
tell me what's written on this note
tell me whatever text is on screen, as much as you can find out
tell me whats in this can
tell me whats in this envelope
tell me whats on my screen, i have no speech, bless you all for doing this. oh no
tell me whats on that box
tell me whats on this cd
tell me whats on this envelope
tell me whats on this label
tell me when the complimentary massages are taking place? very much
tell me when this bus pass expires
tell me where i am
tell me where i am right now. what's the name of this street
tell me where the audio button is on this remote
tell me whether this is body lotion or shower gel
tell me whether this says it's dark chocolate or milk chocolate
tell me which bill this? i think it is a 50 but it could be a 20 too. or a 10
tell me which bottle this is? is it turned the right way? could you tell the flavor now
tell me which cans are what
tell me which color my t-shirt has? if you can see it that is
tell me which drink this is
tell me which medicine this is
tell me which of these cans is salmon and which is the tuna
tell me which of these is shampoo and what the order of these is
tell me which one is green
tell me which one is shampoo body wash and conditioner
tell me which one the shampoo is
tell me which one, what package is caffeinated, which ones are decaffeinated
tell me which taste of the wild this is? it's either rocky mountain or canyon river. tell me which one it is; not just what brand it is
tell me which thing of make up
tell me who the baseball player is, the name of the team, and hopefully the year and date
tell me who this business card is from
tell me who this card is from
tell me who this is
tell me who this is and is this a baseball card
tell me who this is and what team their playing for
tell me who this is and what team they are playing for
tell me who this is from
tell me who this is, and the baseball card and name of the person
tell me who this piece of mail is from
tell me who this piece of mail is from? it's a different piece than the first one
tell me who this player is and what baseball team he's playing for
tell me who's on this baseball card
tell me whose name tag this it
tell me year this is. it's either 1845, or fall of esp, that would be fall of 1845 as well. thanks
tell me your favorite quote
tell me, by looking at the serial number in the picture, what kind of software this is
tell me, how big is it
tell me, in this screen, what is this window? what you can see, exactly
tell me, tell me the message on screen
tell me, what is in this can
tell me, what is that
tell me, what is the scent of the scent of this spice spray
tell me, what is this color
tell me, what is this restaurant exactly
tell me, what's the best meal there--i mean, in mcdonald's. because i'm a new customer
tell me, what's this thing
tell now
tell now the model number of this
tell now what card it is
tell the color of the eye shadow
tell the color of these shorts
tell the colors
tell the information on this bottle
tell the information on this card
tell the instructions now
tell the name of this eye drop
tell the name of this eye-drop
tell the name of this eyedrop
tell the name of this perfume if possible, and the percentage left. thanks
tell the name of this product
tell the name of this product if possible
tell the name of this product if possible, ? thanks
tell the name of this this way
tell the stuff i need to type into the computer
tell the temperature
tell them to scan
tell these are low-cut or crew
tell us what the screen says
tell us what the screen says on the computer
tell us what this card say ?, you guys are doing a great job
tell us what this says
tell us what this screen says? thanks
tell us what this text says
tell what animal this is
tell what any of this may say
tell what brand and model this television is
tell what brand of apple juice this is
tell what brand of laundry soap this is and what scent it is
tell what brand this is
tell what color my hair is this time in this picture
tell what color the cloth is
tell what color this dress is
tell what color this fabric is? i think it's a python print. is it
tell what dinner this is
tell what flavor of tea this is
tell what flavor this drink is
tell what flavor this is
tell what flavor this is, such as lemon
tell what flavor tootsie roll this is
tell what frequency this is on the display
tell what i have oven on
tell what i have the oven on
tell what i have the oven set on
tell what i'm playing
tell what information is on the bus stop
tell what is contained in this box? which type of bar are they
tell what is in that box
tell what is in the bottle pictured
tell what is in the box now
tell what is in the box now? sorry. thanks
tell what is in the box of food
tell what is in the can that i'm holding
tell what is in this bag or if there's anything in print that you can read
tell what is in this bottle
tell what is in this bottle now
tell what is in this can
tell what is in this jar
tell what is in this tin
tell what is on the label on the bottle
tell what is on the screen
tell what is on this box
tell what is on this menu
tell what is on this paper
tell what is written on this t-shirt
tell what it says on my computer screen here
tell what it says on the screen
tell what kind of animal this is
tell what kind of bread this is and if so describe it to me
tell what kind of dinner this is
tell what kind of dog this is
tell what kind of hand creme this is
tell what kind of line this is
tell what kind of medicine this is, if it's dayquil or nyqyl
tell what kind of pills these are
tell what kind of pills these are by looking at the bottle
tell what kind of soup this is
tell what kind of speaker that is
tell what kind of tea this is
tell what make of a hair dryer this is
tell what model this laptop keyboard is
tell what percentage the foreman has gone so far? i need to know what percentage is showing as far as how much the drive has been formatted
tell what pills are these
tell what product this is
tell what restaurant this is
tell what size and color this is
tell what size cup this is
tell what size these jeans are
tell what size this shirt is
tell what soda this is
tell what some of this might say
tell what sort of card this is
tell what suit size, give me the top and bottom
tell what temperature i have this on
tell what temperature is and what thermostat is set on
tell what temperature my oven is set to
tell what temperature this thermostat is set at
tell what that tv dinner is
tell what the captcha image is
tell what the computer screen says
tell what the maximum measuring cups of this container is
tell what the name of this dvd is
tell what the name of this product is
tell what the picture is
tell what the screen says
tell what the security warning is saying on this screen
tell what the temperature is
tell what the title of this book is
tell what the title of this book is. for your time
tell what this bottle is
tell what this button is now that my finger maybe isn't covering it
tell what this can is? i'm looking for a can of spaghetti and meatballs and i was wondering if you might could tell me if this can was
tell what this dialogue box says
tell what this is
tell what this is a gift card for
tell what this is? if it's a gift card, does it have a dollar amount or where it's to
tell what this item is
tell what this one is
tell what this package is out of the freezer
tell what this product is
tell what this says
tell what this shirt says
tell what this spice is
tell what this visual challenge is on the computer
tell what title this is
tell what type of body spray this is
tell what type of cheese is in this package
tell what type of cheese this is
tell what type of cream this is
tell what type of dell computer this is from this sticker? is it a dell 1012
tell what type of medicine this is
tell what type of oatmeal packet is on the left and what type of oatmeal packet is on the right
tell what type of soup this is
tell what type of tea is in this package
tell what type of tea this is
tell what video game that is
tell whats in the box now
tell when this pack expires
tell where the blackberry bush is in relation to the front door
tell where the blackberry bushes in relation to the front door
tell which cellphone model this is
tell which flavor of oatmeal this might be? i doubt it but thanks for trying
tell which medallion this is from? regiment
tell which phone number this is if possible
tell which scent of gain detergent this is
tell which screen i'm on? i'm trying to access the boot menu and i'm trying to boot from a usb drive. see if you can me what screen is up and what option is
tell who put this one out
tell who this letter is from
tell you know what kind it is
temperature displayed on this thermostat
temperature setting on my thermostat
test again
test one
test one two, test one two
test question
test test
test testing testing
test two
test, test, test
test. what is this
testing 1, 2, 3
testing one two three testing
testing one,two,three
testing this out. saw this app at a conference. what is this
testing to make sure this is working. clothing study
testing your phone
testing, 1, 2, 3
testing, testing
testing, what is it
testing, what is this
thank you
thanks a lot
thanks a lot, could another web person look at the color of my shirt, and very much, you can't rely on those color identifiers
thanks for all the help. tell what this is now
thanks for any help you can give. i'm sorry if the picture is out of focus. tell what this is a bag of? thanks
thanks for telling me what color the ipad case is. i'm afraid i don't know what kind of color fuschia or maroon are. is it a pinky color or a red color or a greeny color
thanks in advance
that bottle
that comment is just tasteless
that is stew what is in it
that should be better
that should be better. i just turned the bottle to see if it's diet or not. i have to have diet, so hopefully this is diet
that thing gives it an inch. we don't work with inches here, we work with meters and centimeters, but i think this is it
that wasn't quite what i was looking for but hey now i need to know how to cook these parsnip if there is any cooking instructions on this label i'd appreciate if you tell me
that you very much. i really appreciate it
that's okay, let's try again, i turned it over the first way this time. thanks again
that's weird, because i keep hearing like a squeak, so i mean i didn't know maybe if it was a mouse or what it might be
the bottom right button is to choose the air conditioner or heater. which one s it, on which side
the box, is it a box
the brand name is encore, but i would like to know what kind of spice it is
the button on the right has three positions. the middle is off. one side is ac, one side is heater. which one is which
the buttons on this machine, there are five, sorry four and if you can what are they
the candle
the cat is on here
the chair looked like
the city
the clouds in this picture
the clouds look like they're building up for a big storm
the code on this itunes gift card
the color
the color is
the color is correct but they are pants, and they're actually corduroy
the color is the button and the material
the computer is now on, is windows coming up
the concepts considered to be the basis for western label codes and morals is called
the container in the picture contains body butter. i would like to know the flavor of the body butter
the container in the picture contains body butter. what flavor is the body butter
the crock pot setting
the dark part of the sky indicate that there are storm clouds, or is that the edge of space
the denomination of this bill
the dishwasher dial is pointing toward what cycle now
the expiration date
the first book of the iron curtain
the flavor
the flavor of this yogurt
the following is a question on the turbo-tax website: there is a question asking about rent or owning of a home office. there are three check boxes
the hell do i cook this in the microwave
the hell long do i cook this in the microwave
the instantaneous voltage across a 27mh inductor is e=5800 sine
the instructions for this cream
the jacket
the last picture i took, you said of strawberry ice cream? this is a avon book, so it's someone holding an ice cream
the lights in the room turn on or off
the lights in the room turned on or off
the limits on the outside
the location... the location where an organism lives
the medicine is this
the name of this cd
the nova computer
the orca serial number off of this card and i can adjust it if you need me to. tell me which way to move it
the phone down here
the pill code for this pill
the previous screen presented country, timezone, currency and keyboard and i went ahead and after i got a response from the web worker i selected alt-n followed by next so i'm not sure if i
the products
the ravioli
the resell of calculation
the screen
the screen clay
the security code is about 46 percent down from the page. identify the code and tell it to me? thanks
the settings on my crock pot and which one is currently selected. thanks
the settings on my crock pot and which one is currently selected? thanks
the settings on this crock pot are low medium and high from right to left, is that true
the shape of the clouds beat if they are whispy
the sky appeared to have any clouds in it, and if so what color are the clouds and what do they look like
the sky like in this picture
the sky look like
the teaser is basketball or football
the temperature. what's the temperature
the test
the text, the text on the card
the three buttons just below the dial from left to right. very much
the three buttons just below the dial left to right
the title of this audiobook
the title of this book
the top-middle of this screen should have time and distance. read it to me
the way this guy was described to me was that when you turn it to the right there's a light that goes on in settings you can go normal and heavy duty then permanent press then towels. so i think
the white puffy cloud look like a thin line or is it more circle shaped
there a serial number on the bottom of this device that you can see? if you can, could you read it to me
there are 2 shirts one on the left and one on the right what color are they
there are any options visible on screen
there are four sets of five numbers on this ticket, read them for me
there are supposed to be two tops in this picture. are they the same color
there are two bottles, what are they
there are two dates. what is the bottom date
there are two shirts in this picture hopefully, are they the same color
there are two shirts what color is the shirt on the left and on the right
there are two shirts. what is the color of the shirt on the left compared to the one on the right
there did i press the ok button i think? and am i further along, thanks
there is a bar of soap in the picture. tell me the flavor
there is a picture of a body shop scrub in the picture. tell me what flavor is it
there is a recessed area with three buttons in it; tell me what the top and bottom buttons are
there is a shirt and a tank top here. are they the same color
there is nothing that is personal or identifying
there is the handle and strap on the top of this bag
there seem to be four buttons on this washer? are they related? are the top ones related to temperature or
there seems to be something on the pavement. it may be a sign that's fallen over. tell me what it is
there should be a lit up screen on the right side of the coffee maker. could you tell me what it says ? in advance
there should be a lit up screen towards the right side of the coffee maker. tell me what it says? in advance
there should be a skin of a document on the screen. tell me if that's true or not? very much
there should be two lines on this little device. what color are they? one might be much lighter than the other. let me know that, as well
there text on this paper
there's a caption on this screen and i'd like it to be read
there's a disagreement about whether my nail polish is more pink or more orange. it's supposed to be a coral. i need to know what color of clothes i would not wear with it
there's a guy with a pizza hat on
there's a lot number located under the expiration date. tell me what it is? it's four digits. thanks
there's a screen above my finger. tell me what it says? in advance
there's dial that in the, should be in the middle of the picture and there's a light that goes around on the little screen and it should be next to one of the settings on the left
there's five jacks on the back of this router and i'm just wondering if you can tell me what they are from left to right
there's two items of clothing, hopefully, in this picture. one laid across the other. are they the same color
there. unseen amongst a bottle of gatorades. i'm going to test e - i'm going to send a picture of gatorades, or i'm going to send a picture of a few gatorades and i'm looking for an orange one. what color gatorade is this
thermostat set to off
these are all 5 dvds again, which on is the sound of music
these are all five dvd's again, which one is the sound of music
these are supposed to be vitamins. what kind of vitamins are they? hopefully i got the camera right this time
these curtains look clean
these jeans should either be pink metallic or gold metallic. which one are they
these sticky notes
these that. what is that
they look like puffy gray clouds, or storm gray clouds
they would like for us to take an 8 digit id number
things on my crockpot and which setting is currently selected
this
this a qwerty or dvorak keyboard
this a thing
this apple or orange
this appliance is a black
this bottle
this bottle came with my diabetic glucose monitor. does anybody know what it is
this box
this box say
this box, what flavor is it
this camp
this can
this can be bought identified
this can is laying inside of the bowl, what is in this can
this can say
this candle
this candy bar can be identified
this cheese have mold? does this cheese have mold
this coca cola is 615ml or 1 liter? thanks
this contains the main movie
this dryer is still running. see if that's better. tell me what the display says now
this electronics is what model? of electronics, what number
this garment
this goes under a sink but not sure what kind of water filter or if it is a water filter
this guy look like
this guy look like in this photograph
this guy look like in this picture
this have the name on it
this hurt
this ideas, or i mean, what this card is
this is
this is 7-up
this is a 5$ bill
this is a avon book? is someone holding the ice cream? why is there an ice cream in the avon book
this is a bag from schwann's. tell me what it is
this is a bit of a higher shot
this is a blank screen. what color is it? is there any text there
this is a book
this is a bottle with a label, i need to know what label
this is a box
this is a box of pudding mix, period. tell me if it is chocolate or vanilla, and if it is sugar free
this is a box of russel stover chocolates. could you tell me what style of chocolates they are
this is a captcha which is one of those codes you have to solve, i was wondering if you could solve it for me
this is a card. if you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. look forward to hearing from you
this is a cc tv. what is the manufacturer and model number
this is a christmas present for someone. tell me what is in the box or what product this is
this is a computer
this is a crisp pocket. tell me what the content's are
this is a crock pot, what setting is it turned on to
this is a crock pot. what is it set on
this is a different bottle is this apple cider vinegar or white vinegar
this is a different box. does this show bed time or calming on this label
this is a different can lets try this, what kind of soup is this
this is a dishwasher indicator dial. pointing at 12 o clock. could you tell me what cycle this is. and then going in clockwise, what the
this is a display for a treadmill. could you tell me the distance
this is a display of a treadmill could you tell me the distance
this is a display of a treadmill, tell me the distance and miles
this is a display of a treadmill. could you tell me the distance in miles
this is a display of a treadmill. tell me the distance in miles
this is a dog named manny probably
this is a fax machine and i need to know if there are any labels visible on this fax machine and where they are and positions. this is a fax machine i will be using on a daily basis. very much
this is a frozen dinner, and see what the conventional oven temperature and number of minutes are and whether i have to puncture the top before i put it in the oven? very much
this is a frozen dinner; if you could tell me what it is and the conventional oven temperature and the number of minutes and what i need to puncture the plastic. very much
this is a frozen lasagna, i'm trying to find the oven cooking instructions, so the oven and the time. also i'm trying to reposition the camera so maybe you could give me some tips. thanks
this is a gamble
this is a headphone. tell me if it says...if you see the left or the right side of the headphone? there should be an l that indicates that it's the left ear as opposed to the right ear
this is a heat and air conditioning thermostat, i need to know if it is set on the off position or is set on a
this is a ipod touch
this is a jar of baby food. what type of baby food is it
this is a kvm switch. there's a vga connector in the middle, a usb connector on the right, and a usb connector on the left. i'm wondering which of those usb connector
this is a little booklet from avon. tell me what is on the first page because i want to order some jewelry
this is a medication bottle and i'd just like to know if there is a label and dosage information visible
this is a mobile
this is a monitor
this is a new thermostat, and no one's around to tell me what the positions of the switch mean. if where it is now is heat or not
this is a new view of the yogurt, looking for the expiration date. if i could have that, it would be great
this is a package from the asian market shop. tell me what the label says
this is a package of something, what is it
this is a package with a label on it called ducker. tell me the ingredients in it
this is a package with a label on it. tell me what label it says . what is the name of the product
this is a picture of a black leather sofa. is the angle okay and is it centered okay? and see the whole couch in the photo
this is a picture of a bottle of something from philosophy. we'd like to know what it is
this is a picture of a home i'm planning to buy, does it look like its in a safe neighborhood
this is a picture of a machine called a borer. see a make and model number on that
this is a plate. just leave it
this is a playstation 3 game. i do not know which one. identify it if you can
this is a pocket, tell me what is says
this is a screen capture invention, i'd just like to know what the letters in the image are
this is a screen shot of my iphone
this is a short wave radio, if you can read it what is the frequency on the screen
this is a shortwave radio and i need to know the frequency on this radio, so what is the number shown
this is a skillet meal. what type of skillet meal is this
this is a table
this is a test
this is a test and i'm actually taking a picture of my kitty tigger and just want to see if i can get this on facebook
this is a test application. this is test application product and i need to see if there is any ghost engine information visible. thanks much
this is a test of the intelligence engine
this is a test picture
this is a test to evaluate the accuracy of this app
this is a test to see how well this works and if it's something that i can use. so i'm asking, what is this top box
this is a test, this is a test, this is a test, this is a test
this is a test. is this a hole
this is a test. testing
this is a test. this is a test
this is a test. what is this
this is a tony pacco's chili sauce. i would like to know if it's the hot or the mild
this is a treadmill display. could you tell me the distance
this is a treadmill manual. tell me what section it is
this is a very nice phone, i would like to buy one. what do you think about it? is it a nice looking phone
this is a view from above. what is the shape of this speaker
this is a view of my window outside my back garden and just wondered what the weather looked like today
this is a washing machine setting knob. the bottom left hand corner contains a bump, a raised dot. i need to know what setting that is
this is a wood tool. it's called a shaper. do you see the make and model number on this picture i sent
this is abandoned
this is an advertisement
this is an ongoing problem for me, so be patient. there's a washing machine in the picture, it has a dial which can be set to normal or various other settings. i need to find out which setting it's set to, it's the
this is brian. what color is this
this is brooklyn beans coffee, what flavor is it
this is brooklyn beans coffee. what flavor is it
this is captain america. read to me anything you see on the box? i know this is the foamy end, but you may be able to see some label
this is chap here. what is on my screen, in that picture. describe to me what is on my screen
this is cola
this is display of a treadmill. tell me the distance in miles
this is fabric
this is flipped. now what dvd is this
this is furniture
this is glucosamine. how many milligrams are in each capsule, and is it glucosamine hydrite or glucosamine sulphide
this is jeans but i'm not sure what color it is
this is just a test to see if anythings actually being demonstrated in the image, and if so what it is
this is just a test. should be a door
this is laptop
this is mail what does it say
this is medication, what is it
this is much lighter
this is my bird clock. what time is it
this is my fortune from my fortune cookie. are you able to read the words
this is my project for the day
this is napkin 2, i placed the camera in portrait mode. tell me if the stripes are vertical or horizontal? thanks
this is napkin number three for matching the place mat. are the stripes vertical or horizontal? thanks
this is not a remote, this a thermostat from an air conditioner. could you tell me what is it set on, like what temperature does it say
this is number five
this is number six. so cool
this is number three
this is nyquil. is it daytime or nighttime formula
this is only a test. it's my first time using this program and i'm curious to know how well it works. sorry to inconvenience you. i'll never send one of these again. thanks
this is plentronics followed by what number
this is plus
this is probably going to be a long shot in the dark, but i'm trying to fill out a form which requires a captcha, to be solved, and if someone could tell me what the code is, i'd be extremely grateful
this is probably the third time i've tried to get this. i'm looking for the inch that's up to the tape measure. just the nominal inch, not quarter inch. just looking for a number, 100
this is product
this is progresso soup what is the flavor
this is radio
this is right
this is roger frischenmeier and i am a participant or want to be a participant in the clothing test
this is sandy finley
this is sky look like
this is some form of bathroom cleaner
this is some kind of camera, a janus, j-a-n-u-s. tell me what model that is
this is some kind of spice and i would like to know what kind it is
this is some product. what is it and are there any instructions showing? if there's not what should i do
this is some type of spice in a small bottle. hope you can read it
this is the box
this is the claim
this is the display of a treadmill could you tell me the distance
this is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me the distance in miles
this is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me the distance, it's in miles..it's probably 4 or 5 point something
this is the display of a treadmill, could you tell me this distance
this is the display of a treadmill, tell me the distance in miles
this is the display of a treadmill, tell me the distance in miles off the top display
this is the display of a treadmill, tell me this distance in miles
this is the display of a treadmill. could you tell me the distance
this is the display of a treadmill. could you tell me the distance and miles
this is the display of a treadmill. could you tell me the distance in miles
this is the display of a treadmill. tell me the distance and miles off the top display
this is the display of a treadmill. tell me the distance in miles
this is the display of a treadmill. tell me the distance off the top display
this is the display of a treadmill. the distance is shown in miles. tell me what this distance is in miles
this is the display of the treadmill, tell me the distance in miles
this is the display of the treadmill, tell me the distance of the top display
this is the display of the treadmill, tell me the distance off the top display
this is the display of the treadmill. tell me the distance in miles
this is the display or treadmill. tell me the distance in miles
this is the fifth napkin, the last one matching the place mat. are the stripes in vertical or horizontal? thanks, you've been so helpful and i'm so grateful for
this is the ipad isn't it
this is the lanyard for my key chain period what does it say on it
this is the last can. tell me what this is
this is the last one. tell me what this picture is about? it's a different photo album. thanks, i appreciate it
this is the last time, i have two different coffees. just tell me what the name of this coffee is? i think it's tanzania but i'm not sure. thanks and have a
this is the last try. see a key code for office professional 2010 and thanks for your help
this is the next side for the expiration date for the yogurt. just looking for that
this is the peter pan combo pack. i am looking for the blu-ray version. is that what i am taking a picture of
this is the same woman's top, the backside of it. is it plaid, black and white like the front
this is whiskey. tell me what kind it is or the age? thanks
this item
this item. what is this item
this keyboard is this xbox
this light blue or grey
this magazine
this mail for
this medication
this might sound dirty
this model is plantronics what
this money paper. is it blue
this package
this picture
this picture clear or do i need to adjust the camera
this picture of
this picture show
this picture was posted by one of my friends on twitter but i need it described to me
this piece of mail for and where is it from
this piece of paper
this piece of paper is
this piece of paper say
this product
this regular sugar or is this nutrasweet or something else
this say
this say? specifically i'm looking for a table number
this say? what? what the hell
this screen doesn't talk. what does it say
this shirt
this should be a yellow onion, does it look okay
this should be an apples itune screen on the monitor is it
this should be on the login screen, but i'm not able to login. is it in the login screen, and is the focus in the text box
this stinks
this surface look clean
this sweater
this symbol on this shirt
this t-shirt say? thanks
this thing
this thing has two different engines. there are volunteers who look at it and will tell you and then there is a computerized one that
this thing's got more turns than a bucket of worms. what is this
this title
this tshirt color and logo
this tv screen
this what's this
this, what's this
three digit code on the signature line
time is it
tis this box
title of book
title of this book
to another room, read what is on the cake cup now
to describe to me in detail what this picture looks like
to left to right what is these buttons labeled
to pop or beer
to rely on the skateboard anywhere
to the web worker that said a cream tube. i know what it is. i don't know what kind of cream and, that's what i said, identify if you were able. if you can't see a logo or instructions, let me know. but, telling me that it's
top to bottom, what are these flavors
towel
translate this to german
true of false? a boundary line is always shown on a number line using an open circle
true or false, a boundary point is always shown on a boundary line using an open circle
try one more time. see what this piece of mail says, and where it's from
try the pin again or what is it
try this again. find a key code for microsoft office 2010 professional
try to focus thi
try to identify the container
try to identify this can
trying a different one. what is the expiration date on this
trying again to see if this shirt will go with this skirt
trying again what are the color of these clothes
trying again, what kind of soup is this
trying again. give me the name of the cd
trying this again
trying this for the first time. what do you see
trying to find out the flavor of this kool-aid. i was told to take another picture
trying to find out the text on this business card. there is text on both sides so this is side one
trying to find out what this item is, thanks
trying to find out what this label says
trying to get a better image of this, so if you can tell me what it looks like, that'd be great, or how to adjust adjust the angle. thanks
trying to identify a recycle bin. one of these is a trash can and one is a recycle bin. the recycle bin is probably green or its lid is green
trying to see if this is pork cops
trying to take a picture of this bottle of wine
tshirt show
tube is this
turn the name of the perfume and the percentage shift
turn this page
tv dinner is this
tv switched on
two out of five equals what
ty, see what flavor crisps these are
type of bread this is
type of chocolate is this
type of coffee is this
type of pot is this
type of soda is this
type of sugar is this
type of the cream
type of ticket is this. is this a pick four or carolina pick five
type the code that is shown on screen here
type the information
uh what kind of dinner is this, what brand and flavor
uh, what is the expiration on this carton
um, see if you can see a model number on this label. thanks
uncle mickey wants to know what the colors are and what this looks like, its psychedelic rainbow, i know its a black shirt. let us know
use this
very much
very much for all your help, great service
very much for your help. tell me if this is a plextalk power brick for the plextalk ptr-1
very much. i'm expecting two books as presents for my wife. i'm not sure which one this one is. tell me what the title of this book is
very much. my pc seems to have stopped, tell me what's going on on the screen? very much
very much. this is a big help to me
video in this
vizwiz, what is this
wait can is this
wall colors and ceiling fan
wanna find out how many watts and how old this precision power car audio amplifier is
want to know what is in this can
wanted to see if you could read the label on this bottle of wine, just information about the vineyard and any facts. thanks. oh, if you want me to rotate the camera, let me know
was i able to clear either of the mirrors of the ok button
was ist das
was my dog looking at the camera when i took a picture of it
was that a diet pepsi button on this coke machine
was the color is my polo set
was the light on on these headphones
was this a photo of the pizza box that i took
wat is that
watch this
way out of this cooler
wbat is this item
we called what is the flavor
we can tell o
we found this on the atlantic ocean side of florida, we wonder what this tooth is
we need more minutes for the eggs to cook
we need to know what is on the screen and which item is for driver signing
we'll see in this photograph
we'll try the bottom for the expiration, for the yogurt
we're looking for the style of basket, is this a native american basket
we're trying this again. hopefully, someone can read the model number off of this label. appreciate it
webworker. here's another one. is this lemon or apple? and for the answer on the previous one
weird picture
well i
well if this has a product name on it that i need to look up on the internet something no this so i just need something product name model or any information
well that's about as far right as i can go so without thinking i'm missing the screen, so hopefully it will have what you need and then i can get this code in. thanks for all your patience and everything, this is an amazing ability
well, i really appreciate the work you do guys. keep the great work up. and thanks so much for helping to support the blind and visually impaired
well, well, well
well, what do you see
well, you know i, look, if you want things durable then you want a rubber caging, a plastic, like a
well, you see the little thing, it's working. it say do-do or something. well, i'm a, you going to have to
were do i buy axe deodorant
were you thinking about this one
whar color is this shirt
what -- what does this look like
what ... read what is stamped on the back of this fork
what ? is this
what ?? is this
what a noises
what about now
what about now, does it load now
what about now, what is on the screen
what about the color cloth. tell me about the color cloth
what about the scenery
what about the signery
what about this
what about this box of curey coffee ? thanks
what about this one
what action is currently selected
what album
what album is this
what album is this? what is the name of this record album
what all do you see
what am i and what is this
what am i doing wrong? oh. is this dayquil or nyquil
what am i eating
what am i going to do right now
what am i holding
what am i holding in that picture
what am i looking at
what am i looking at and does it glow in the dark
what am i looking at currently
what am i looking at right now
what am i looking at? does it need batteries
what am i looking at? what is it
what am i photographing
what am i pointing the camera at
what am i really seeing here
what am i recording
what am i seeing
what am i sitting on
what am i staring at
what am i taking a picture of
what am i touching
what am i watching
what am i wearing
what am i? i'm joking. what is it
what am i? where am i
what an good is this
what animal is on this computer screen
what animal is on this screen
what animal is that
what animal is this
what animal is this a picture of
what animal is this animals
what animals are on this pillow
what answers do i type in to win the prize
what app is this
what are all this color on this beeded necklace
what are any of the words on this? what does any of this say
what are cooking instructions for these sausage rolls
what are each of theses bottles from left to right
what are enormous cities or very densely popular areas that include several cities
what are in the containers from left to right
what are in the gallon jugs that are visible on the top shelf
what are in these
what are in these containers? from left to right
what are in these jars
what are in these jars from left to right
what are in these two containers from left to right
what are key resources are managers for assisting with loss prevention
what are my calories
what are my stats
what are nutrition facts
what are on these tapes
what are scissors
what are the . . . what are the letters and words
what are the administration instructions for this product
what are the answers
what are the answers to these questions
what are the arrows pointing to
what are the baking directions
what are the baking directions for this pie
what are the baking instructions
what are the bottom buttons from left to right on the thermometer panel
what are the buttons
what are the buttons from left to right
what are the buttons in order from left to right after the volume
what are the buttons on the washer from left to right
what are the buttons on these printers
what are the buttons on this microphone, not microphone, remote
what are the buttons on this oven control going from left to right or top to bottom? whatever seems to make sense. they're not very tactile, so it's difficult to use
what are the c.i.d. number and password on the bottom of this modem
what are the characters in this captcha
what are the characters in this captcha image
what are the characters in this picture
what are the characters on this captcha image
what are the chemical elements that form most of living biological matter
what are the colors and designs of this skirt
what are the colors from left to right
what are the colors in these
what are the colors in this purse
what are the colors int his sweater
what are the colors of these three cable ties
what are the colors on this garment
what are the colors on this shirt
what are the contents for the description of this item in this box
what are the contents of this bubble wrapped package
what are the contents of this can
what are the contents of this jar
what are the contents of this thing
what are the controls on this device
what are the cooking directions
what are the cooking directions for this box
what are the cooking directions for this product
what are the cooking directions here
what are the cooking directions on this product
what are the cooking directions? read me the cooking directions
what are the cooking instructions
what are the cooking instructions - microwave
what are the cooking instructions for the
what are the cooking instructions for the conventional oven
what are the cooking instructions for the lasagna
what are the cooking instructions for the meatloaf
what are the cooking instructions for the oven
what are the cooking instructions for these
what are the cooking instructions for this
what are the cooking instructions for this dish
what are the cooking instructions for this ham
what are the cooking instructions for this item
what are the cooking instructions for this meal as far as the oven is concerned
what are the cooking instructions for this packet
what are the cooking instructions for this product
what are the cooking instructions on this
what are the cooking instructions on this box? if you can't read them. tell me how to guide my camera,so you could read them
what are the cooking instructions on this package
what are the cooking instructions on this product
what are the designs and words on my shirt
what are the dials on this washer
what are the different color of these stripes
what are the different colors of these stripes
what are the directions
what are the directions for preparing this spinach dip
what are the directions for someone who is ten years old
what are the directions for this
what are the directions for this entree
what are the directions for this meal
what are the directions for this meal in the oven
what are the directions for this product
what are the directions for this salad
what are the directions for using this cream
what are the directions of this product
what are the directions on this bottle
what are the directions on this box
what are the directions to make these cookies
what are the directions to take daily
what are the directions to take this park
what are the flavors from left to right
what are the flavors of buttons starting at the top
what are the functions
what are the gentlemen in this video wearing
what are the green things on this tree other than leaves
what are the ingredients
what are the ingredients listed on this box
what are the instructions
what are the instructions for administering this product
what are the instructions for cooking these chicken patties
what are the instructions for making this bouillon
what are the instructions for making this buyon
what are the instructions for making this cake
what are the instructions for microwaving it
what are the instructions for taking the vitamin c
what are the instructions for taking this vitamic c
what are the instructions for taking this vitamin c
what are the instructions for taking vitamin c
what are the instructions for the brownies
what are the instructions for the cream
what are the instructions for the lasagna
what are the instructions for this
what are the instructions for this food item
what are the instructions for this lean cuisine meal? and if you can, tell me what kind is it
what are the instructions for using this product
what are the instructions listed on the box
what are the instructions on the box
what are the instructions on this bottle
what are the instructions on this box
what are the instructions on this item
what are the instructions on this package
what are the instructions on this product
what are the instructions to baking this
what are the keys in order on the top row, from left to right, on this keyboard
what are the keys on the top row starting from the left
what are the labels in this row of buttons
what are the labels of the buttons in this row
what are the labels of the buttons on this row
what are the labels on the buttons in this robe
what are the labels on the buttons in this row
what are the last three numbers of this card
what are the letter's i type in to win the prize
what are the letters i need to enter in
what are the letters i need to win
what are the letters in this captcha
what are the letters that i need to type in to win
what are the letters to enter in to obtain the prize
what are the microwave instructions
what are the name of this avon perfume and did i moved the camara back far enough this time
what are the names and locations of controls on this cd player
what are the names and locations of the control on this cd player
what are the names of the buttons on this remote
what are the names of the buttons or selectors so i know what i am choosing
what are the names of the songs on this cd
what are the names of the streets
what are the numbers in this image
what are the numbers on the display
what are the numbers on the thermostat
what are the numbers on this ?? kit
what are the numbers on this item
what are the numbers on this product key
what are the numbers shown that i need to type in the box
what are the options on this menu
what are the oven cooking instructions for this hot pie
what are the oven instructions for baking this lasagna
what are the power of the buttons labeled from left to right and top to bottom
what are the preparation instructions
what are the price of these headphones
what are the price tags in this photo and what do they say
what are the roman numerals in this picture
what are the settings on the dial
what are the shapes of these gray storm clouds and what is the layout of them
what are the six buttons on this remote start with the left column and then the right column
what are the specifications for this hard drive
what are the three buttons above the dial from left to right
what are the three capture closed letters that i have to type in
what are the three letters that i have to type in
what are the three numbers i have to type
what are the title and author of the cd
what are the two buttons
what are the two packages on the left and then on the right
what are the two words in this captcha image
what are the usage instructions on this
what are the usages instructions on this shampoo bottle
what are the uses instructions on this bottle
what are the warnings on this bottle
what are the weights of all four boxes
what are the words in red
what are the words on the building
what are the words on the piece of paper
what are the words on this card
what are the, what are the instructions on the screen
what are the, what are the two words in the box that are the captcha
what are these
what are these and can i eat these
what are these and can i eat these and why are they brown
what are these and what color are they and how big are they? that is my questions
what are these and where can i buy it
what are these arrows on this washer pointing at? thanks
what are these biscuits
what are these bottles
what are these bottles for
what are these bumps? are they mosquito bites or bed bug bites
what are these buttons labeled as
what are these buttons on the dryer? thanks
what are these buttons on the microwaved labeled? and how are they laid out? and what is currently displayed on the screen
what are these called
what are these canned goods
what are these canned products from littlest to smallest and if you can read them tell which way to rotate them if not . this is a great app
what are these cassettes
what are these cookies
what are these cooking instructions
what are these instructions for
what are these instructions on this bottle
what are these keys in order from left to right ton the top row of this keyboard
what are these machines
what are these pills
what are these socks
what are these soups from left to right
what are these three us one dollar coins worth? a 1924, a 1922 and a 1921
what are these two bottles
what are these two bottles and which one is on the left
what are these two boxes, bottles i mean, what are these two bottles
what are these two colognes
what are these two packages
what are these used for
what are these white chocolate, or milk chocolate buttons
what are these? they are magnetic, two beads
what are these? what kind of pants are these
what are this cans
what are those
what are those berries? they're grown in the netherlands
what are those letters
what are we doing here
what are you
what are you able to see in this photo my dear friend
what are you people three year olds just looking at pictures making up answers
what are you seeing here
what are, what are the numbers on this card
what article, what page number is visible
what artist and song is this
what artist drew this painting
what band is this
what bar of chocolate is that
what baseball team is this
what baseball team is this hat
what bath gel is this
what beer is that
what beer is this
what bell is this
what beverage is this
what bill denomination is this
what bill is that
what bill is this
what biscuits are these
what blend of coffee or is this tea in this k-cup box
what book is this
what book is this, or what kind of book is it
what book is this, period
what book is this? thanks
what book is this? what is the title of this book
what book is this? what's the book title
what bore is this
what bottle is this
what bottle is this? what dressing is it? .you can just plop down on the floor anywhere
what box am i looking at, as in what does the box contain
what box flavor cereal is this? sorry for so many boxes. do you know why the app keeps closing after i send the question
what box is that
what box is this
what box is this again
what box of cereal is this
what box of pasta is this
what brand and flavor is this
what brand and flavor of k-cup is this
what brand and flavor of k-cup is this ? and merry christmas
what brand and flavor of k-cup is this ? thank and merry christmas
what brand and item is this
what brand and kind of wieners are these
what brand and make is this shampoo
what brand and model is this
what brand and model is this phone
what brand and name of dog food is in this bag
what brand and type of multivitamins is it, and read the label
what brand and type of multivitamins is this? and read the label
what brand and type of shampoo is this
what brand and variety are these chips
what brand and variety is this bbq sauce
what brand and what flavor tv dinner is this
what brand and what motor is this vacuum
what brand are these
what brand are these beans
what brand are these markers
what brand are these pretzels
what brand are these shoes
what brand are these speakers
what brand camera is this
what brand dog food is this
what brand fudge marshmallows are these
what brand headphones or earbuds are these
what brand is
what brand is a teco
what brand is is this brand
what brand is it
what brand is it from
what brand is that car
what brand is the beer
what brand is the bottle
what brand is this
what brand is this and what is it
what brand is this bag
what brand is this cake
what brand is this camera
what brand is this chicken
what brand is this coffee
what brand is this coffee? what brand is this coffee
what brand is this dress shirt? also, with the new bizwiz update, when i go from camera, it's on speaker, to when i go to audio to record a message, the speaker turns off and goes through the receiver. how can i fix this
what brand is this dvd writer? does it say it on the box
what brand is this gum and what flavor is it
what brand is this hand sanitizer
what brand is this lotion
what brand is this machine
what brand is this medication and what are the instructions
what brand is this mouse
what brand is this pop
what brand is this popcorn
what brand is this radio
what brand is this recorder
what brand is this shaver
what brand is this speaker? and what color is it, and what shape is it in, and where does it come from
what brand is this vacuum
what brand is this water bottle
what brand is this water filter
what brand is this wine
what brand is this? i need to look up the directions
what brand is this? press it again. double tap
what brand is this? thanks
what brand name is this logo
what brand of
what brand of a purse is this
what brand of allergy medicine is this
what brand of baby wipes are in this box
what brand of baby wipes are these
what brand of baby wipes are these specifically
what brand of batteries are these
what brand of batteries are these two aas
what brand of beer is this
what brand of beer is this bottle
what brand of candy is this
what brand of cat food is this
what brand of chardonnay is this
what brand of chicken breasts are in the package
what brand of chocolate is this
what brand of cigarettes
what brand of cigarettes are these
what brand of coffee cream is this
what brand of computer is this
what brand of dinner is this
what brand of dog food is this
what brand of earbuds are these
what brand of garlic bread is this
what brand of gum and what flavor is this
what brand of hand sanitizer is this
what brand of ice cream is this
what brand of lasagna is this and if you can see it what are the instructions
what brand of lasagna is this and if you can see it, what are the instructions
what brand of macaroni and cheese is this
what brand of mashed potatoes are these
what brand of matches are these
what brand of microwave popcorn did i take a picture of
what brand of moist wipes are these
what brand of monitor is this
what brand of muffins are these
what brand of name is this beer
what brand of noodles are these
what brand of omelettes are these
what brand of pea is this
what brand of peanut butter is this
what brand of pens are this
what brand of perfume is this
what brand of pizza is this
what brand of potatoes are these
what brand of printer ink is this
what brand of printer is this
what brand of shoe is it
what brand of shoe is this
what brand of shoes are these
what brand of soap is this
what brand of speakers have i got
what brand of stuffing is this
what brand of sunglasses is this
what brand of tea is this
what brand of tobacco is this
what brand of toothpaste is this
what brand of truffles are in the picture
what brand of water bottle is this
what brand of water is this
what brand of water is this water bottle? that is my question. help me? bye
what brand of wine is that box? and thanks for your help in advance
what brand peanut are these
what brand pocket knife is this
what brand printer is this
what brand socks does this say
what brand tissues are these
what brand water is this
what brand. what brand of tv is this
what bread mix is this
what breed and what color is this dog
what breed of dog is that
what breed of dog is this
what breed of dog is this dog
what bug is this
what building are we in
what bull is this
what bus number is on this map
what bus stop number is this
what button am i supposed to push
what button do i press to get zero code
what button is mountain dew
what button is this flavor for
what button is this one
what button says scan
what buttons turn this oven off
what c.d. is this
what caliber is this bullet
what caller is this
what can be seen out my living room window
what can be seen out this window
what can bill is that
what can good is this
what can i clean with this bottle
what can i do here
what can i do to help my hairy legs
what can i hear on the screen
what can i see
what can i take a picture of
what can is that
what can is this
what can is this. is it a soup or a ravioli
what can is this? is it food or ravioli? thanks
what can is this? what is in this can? sorry
what can of beer is this
what can of soup is this
what can of vegetables or fruit is this
what can that do
what can, er, what is in this can
what candies are these
what candy is this
what canned drink is this
what canned food is this
what canned good is this
what canned good is this, i know it's a canned good
what canned good is this? i know it is a can
what car is this
what card is is this
what card is this
what card is this and describe it's orientation
what card is this and is it right side up or upside down
what card is this and is this right side up or upside down
what card is this, and is this right-side up or upside-down
what card is this, right side up or upside down
what card this is
what cards are these
what catalog is this
what catalogue is this
what causes my dings
what cd is this
what cent
what cent is this
what cent piece is this
what cereal is this
what cereal was that
what channel is the tv on
what channel number is this
what cheese is this
what chinese coin is this
what chips are these
what chocolates are these
what choices are available on the system restore screen and which one is currently highlighted
what city is that
what city is this
what cleaner is this
what cleaning product is it, and what do you use it on
what cleaning product is this
what cleaning product is this? what cleaning product is this
what clorox is my shirt
what clothing is worn in this photo and how many people
what clouds see in this picture
what coffee flavor is this
what coffee is on this cup, ? the type, style
what coffee is this
what coin is this
what coke flavors are these buttons? i think the left one is mountain dew is that right
what col... what color is this shirt
what cologne is this
what cologne is this? or is it a women's perfume
what color
what color am i pointing to
what color am i wearin
what color am i wearing
what color and any design
what color and any designs
what color and design is on this pillow
what color and design is this comforter
what color and design is this pillow
what color and is there any designs
what color and kind is my floor
what color and kind of dog is it
what color and kind of dog is that
what color and kind of paint is this
what color and pattern
what color and pattern are these shorts
what color and what is that
what color and what picture is on my clothes
what color and what shade of color is this phone case
what color are in these sponges
what color are my curtains
what color are my jeans
what color are my jeans? what color are my jeans
what color are my nails
what color are my pants
what color are my pants and i have another question. is there a web worker looking a picture all day
what color are my shirt and pants and do they go together
what color are my shoes
what color are my shorts
what color are my sneakers
what color are my socks
what color are my toenails
what color are my trousers
what color are the ballerinas
what color are the beads
what color are the beads in the charm on this necklace
what color are the bracelets
what color are the cabinets
what color are the clouds and what do they look like in the sky
what color are the clouds you see in the picture
what color are the curtains
what color are the eyes on the necklace thing on the cat
what color are the feathers
what color are the flowers
what color are the flowers in the vase
what color are the letters
what color are the lids of the bottles
what color are the lights on the rectangle
what color are the lights on this tree
what color are the nails on this picture
what color are the pair of pants that i'm holding
what color are the pair of pants that i'm wearing
what color are the pajamas that i have on
what color are the pans in the photo
what color are the pants
what color are the pants i'm wearing? and do they appear that they would stain easily
what color are the pearls i just took a picture of
what color are the pin stripes of these pants and would they go well with this shirt i just took a picture of
what color are the potatoes
what color are the ropes from top to bottom
what color are the scales
what color are the shoes
what color are the shower curtains
what color are the sneakers
what color are the socks
what color are the stones and beads in this necklace
what color are the stones in this earring
what color are the straps on the sandal
what color are the stripes
what color are the stripes on this shirt
what color are the sunglasses
what color are the three wires from left to right
what color are the toenails
what color are the two colored lines on this device? try to be specific in terms or light or dark or grayish whenever you can
what color are the walls
what color are the washcloths
what color are them dogs
what color are these
what color are these balls
what color are these beads
what color are these boots
what color are these cabinets
what color are these canisters
what color are these capris
what color are these clogs
what color are these dogs
what color are these flowers
what color are these headphones
what color are these jeans
what color are these jeans? pink or gold
what color are these laces
what color are these ones
what color are these overalls
what color are these pair of pants
what color are these pair of shorts
what color are these panties
what color are these pants
what color are these pants and what design's on them
what color are these pants and what kind are they
what color are these pants, dammit? what f'in color? goddammit
what color are these pants, i know they're either blue or beige
what color are these pants? i didn't ask
what color are these pens
what color are these pull outs
what color are these ropes from top to bottom
what color are these rosary beads
what color are these sheets
what color are these shoelaces
what color are these shoes
what color are these shoes and top
what color are these shorts
what color are these slacks
what color are these socks
what color are these socks? are they nude or are they another color
what color are these speakers
what color are these stockings
what color are these stones
what color are these sunglasses
what color are these three ties
what color are these three wires from left to right
what color are these ties
what color are these towels
what color are these trousers
what color are these two connectors
what color are these two shirts
what color are these two t-shirts
what color are these wine glasses
what color are these wires
what color are these? do they have pin stripes
what color are theses pants
what color are they
what color are this
what color are those curtains
what color are those pants
what color are those shoes
what color are those shorts
what color are you
what color are, what color is the, yeah
what color blue would you say the sky was in this photo? like the color of water
what color bottle is this
what color christmas ornament is in this box
what color coffee mug do i have
what color cup is this
what color do these look
what color do you see
what color do you see on this sneaker
what color do you see on this wall
what color does this wine have
what color earrings and sweater should i wear with this dress
what color exactly is this? it's gatorade but what color is it
what color furniture is that? and is that nice table and chairs
what color hair is this
what color has my pullover
what color has the light
what color has there
what color has this mac
what color if this dog
what color is
what color is cot
what color is cup
what color is emma wearing
what color is his pants
what color is his shirt
what color is it
what color is it? oh, you want web workers and iq engine. so go down. ok now go up
what color is it? what is this object
what color is it?i don't know what just happened
what color is keyboard
what color is my
what color is my arm band
what color is my aunts shirt
what color is my bag
what color is my book bag
what color is my cap
what color is my case
what color is my cat
what color is my computer
what color is my desk
what color is my digital recorder
what color is my dog
what color is my dress
what color is my eyeball
what color is my fan
what color is my fan and is it on? answer that question? bye
what color is my finger touching
what color is my floor
what color is my guide dog
what color is my hair
what color is my hand
what color is my hat what does it say on my hat
what color is my jacket
what color is my jeans
what color is my keyboard
what color is my lamp
what color is my mac
what color is my mug
what color is my mug? right now it's thinking. so is it an actual person that's doing it? their, so their
what color is my netbook
what color is my pajama top
what color is my pants
what color is my purse
what color is my shirt
what color is my shirt and is that a ohio state symbol
what color is my shirt and necklace
what color is my shirt and what does it say
what color is my shoe
what color is my short and tie
what color is my skin
what color is my slipper
what color is my sock
what color is my socks and is it wet
what color is my sweater
what color is my t-shirt
what color is my telephone
what color is my tie
what color is my top
what color is my vest
what color is my wall
what color is my wallet
what color is on the left
what color is pants
what color is that
what color is that and what brand if it says is that
what color is that bedspread
what color is that blanket
what color is that candy that i am holding in my hand
what color is that coat
what color is that dog
what color is that girl's shirt
what color is that jacket
what color is that pillow
what color is that purse
what color is that shirt
what color is that shirt? what color is that shirt
what color is that shoe polish
what color is that switch plate on the wall with the picture i just took
what color is that trousers
what color is that vain
what color is that wall
what color is that, ? what color is that
what color is that? what color is that
what color is the arm band
what color is the back of this jacket
what color is the bag
what color is the battery charging light
what color is the bear's shirt
what color is the bed color
what color is the bed spread
what color is the bedspread
what color is the belt
what color is the blanket in the picture
what color is the blankets
what color is the blouse
what color is the bottle
what color is the bow
what color is the box
what color is the cabinets
what color is the candle
what color is the candle? what color what color is the candle? what color is the candle
what color is the candles
what color is the car across the street
what color is the car in this photograph
what color is the cardigan and what color are the stripes on the cardigan? and what sort of shirt should i wear under it to make it match
what color is the carpet
what color is the castle
what color is the cat
what color is the ceiling and how high do you think it is
what color is the ceiling and how many lights are up there
what color is the ceiling fan
what color is the chair
what color is the clock display
what color is the cloth
what color is the cloth and the necklace
what color is the coat in the picture
what color is the comforter on my bed
what color is the container in this picture
what color is the couch
what color is the cup
what color is the curtains
what color is the dog
what color is the dog in the picture
what color is the dog in this picture
what color is the dog, and what type of magazine is this
what color is the doll
what color is the door
what color is the dresser
what color is the drink in my cup
what color is the drinking glass
what color is the dryer and what time is it
what color is the drywin my hand
what color is the egg
what color is the embroidery in these jeans
what color is the fabric
what color is the floor
what color is the hairbrush
what color is the hawaiian shirt
what color is the headband
what color is the inside of these sneakers
what color is the iphone on the table, black or white
what color is the ipod dock and also hear this question
what color is the jacket
what color is the jacket and pants
what color is the keyboard
what color is the light
what color is the man's tie
what color is the mat
what color is the material i just took a picture of
what color is the moon
what color is the mouse
what color is the nail polish
what color is the necklace
what color is the nightstand
what color is the ornament in this box
what color is the paint on this wall
what color is the pants and the shirt and does it match? or do they match i should say
what color is the pen
what color is the pepper
what color is the phone
what color is the pillow
what color is the pillow case
what color is the purse
what color is the rock
what color is the roof
what color is the rope
what color is the rug
what color is the sarong
what color is the screen
what color is the screen on this ebook
what color is the shark
what color is the sheet
what color is the shirt
what color is the shirt and how many buttons does it have
what color is the shirt i'm wearing
what color is the shirt that i am wearing
what color is the shirt that i'm holding
what color is the shirt that i'm holding up
what color is the shirt that i'm wearing, black or turquoise
what color is the shoe
what color is the shoe in this picture
what color is the shoes
what color is the shower curtain
what color is the sink
what color is the sky
what color is the sky though
what color is the sock
what color is the sofa
what color is the strap on this thong sandal
what color is the sun
what color is the sweat shirt
what color is the sweater
what color is the sweatshirt
what color is the t-shirt
what color is the table
what color is the table cloth
what color is the tablecloth
what color is the tapestry
what color is the telephone on my lap
what color is the tennis shoes
what color is the top
what color is the towel
what color is the town
what color is the wall
what color is the water bottle
what color is the wedding gown on this bed
what color is the wire i'm pointing to
what color is there on the bottom of this shoe
what color is these beads
what color is these beats
what color is these jeans
what color is this
what color is this (inaudible
what color is this ? and there might be a small pattern in it, is that true and what is it
what color is this ? color
what color is this ? thanks
what color is this ? the color
what color is this and is it light or dark
what color is this and there any designs
what color is this and there might be a small pattern in it, is that true and what is it
what color is this and what design is on it
what color is this and what does it look like? will it be checkers or stripes
what color is this and what does it say
what color is this and what is it
what color is this back-pack
what color is this bag
what color is this bag? it takes a little while. well, because i just asked it what color
what color is this ball
what color is this ball of wool
what color is this ball of yarn
what color is this banana hair clip
what color is this band
what color is this bandanna
what color is this bank
what color is this bath mat. i need to know now
what color is this bath robe
what color is this bathrobe
what color is this bed
what color is this bedsheet
what color is this bedspread
what color is this bedspread? and
what color is this beer
what color is this bell
what color is this belt
what color is this bird
what color is this blanket
what color is this block
what color is this blouse
what color is this bone
what color is this bottle
what color is this bowl
what color is this box
what color is this bracelet
what color is this brela
what color is this button
what color is this camisole
what color is this can
what color is this can and what does the logo say
what color is this candle
what color is this candy that's in my hand
what color is this cane
what color is this car
what color is this cardigan
what color is this carpet
what color is this carpet? let me know if hear this question
what color is this cartridge
what color is this case
what color is this case? thanks
what color is this cat
what color is this chair
what color is this char
what color is this christmas paper
what color is this clip
what color is this cloth
what color is this cloth bag
what color is this coat
what color is this comforter
what color is this container
what color is this container and is there a design and what type of design is it if there is
what color is this couch
what color is this counter-top
what color is this cover
what color is this cup
what color is this cup and what does it have in it? thanks
what color is this cup? i hope i got the cup
what color is this curtain
what color is this cushion
what color is this device
what color is this diamond
what color is this dinosaur
what color is this dog
what color is this dog ornament
what color is this dog? it's a yorkie
what color is this door
what color is this dress
what color is this dress i'm wearing
what color is this dress? question mark
what color is this dress? we'll see. is there a way to check that? it keeps asking me. i think i screwed something up when i put skype on. i
what color is this dresser
what color is this duffle bag
what color is this duvet
what color is this duvet cover
what color is this ear pod case
what color is this ear-pods case
what color is this fabric
what color is this fan
what color is this fleece
what color is this fleece jacket
what color is this flip-flop
what color is this floor question mark
what color is this flower
what color is this folded shed
what color is this folder
what color is this garment
what color is this gift bag
what color is this girl's shirt
what color is this glass
what color is this guy's hair
what color is this guy's shirt
what color is this hair
what color is this hair band
what color is this hair brush
what color is this hair clip
what color is this hair ribbon
what color is this hair tie
what color is this haircut
what color is this handbag
what color is this hat
what color is this hat also is there writing
what color is this hat and does it say anything
what color is this hat and is there writing on it
what color is this headband
what color is this highlighter
what color is this hockey puck
what color is this hoodie
what color is this image
what color is this in this picture
what color is this ink cartridge
what color is this ipad case
what color is this iphone case
what color is this item
what color is this item and what colors go with it
what color is this jacket
what color is this jacket? what color is this jacket
what color is this jumper
what color is this keyboard
what color is this lamp shade
what color is this laptop
what color is this letter
what color is this lid
what color is this little dish
what color is this luggage and what color is the ribbon on the handle
what color is this magazine
what color is this man's pants
what color is this marker
what color is this mat
what color is this material
what color is this material that i have in front of me, that i just took a picture of
what color is this medicine chest
what color is this microphone and who is the manufacturer
what color is this mouse
what color is this mug
what color is this nail polish
what color is this necklace
what color is this object
what color is this one
what color is this onesie
what color is this outfit
what color is this package? thanks
what color is this pair of pants
what color is this pair of sweats
what color is this pant
what color is this pants
what color is this paper
what color is this pass
what color is this pen
what color is this pencil
what color is this pepper
what color is this persons hair
what color is this phone case
what color is this piece of hemp
what color is this piece of paper
what color is this pillow
what color is this pillow case
what color is this pillowcase
what color is this pin
what color is this pitcher
what color is this plant
what color is this plant? quick enough
what color is this plate
what color is this polo shirt
what color is this pot
what color is this product
what color is this purse
what color is this question mark
what color is this quilt
what color is this radio
what color is this railing
what color is this refrigerator
what color is this remote control
what color is this ring
what color is this robe
what color is this room
what color is this rope
what color is this rose leaf
what color is this rubber band
what color is this rug
what color is this sandal
what color is this scarf
what color is this script
what color is this seat
what color is this sheet
what color is this shirt
what color is this shirt and button
what color is this shirt and does it have any writing on the front side
what color is this shirt and does it have striped
what color is this shirt and hear me
what color is this shirt and tie
what color is this shirt and what does it say
what color is this shirt and what is the logo on it
what color is this shirt and what is the pattern on it
what color is this shirt and what is the writing on the shirt
what color is this shirt i have on
what color is this shirt in front of me
what color is this shirt thanks
what color is this shirt that my hand was on and did it appear to have any stains
what color is this shirt, and do there appear to be stains on it
what color is this shirt, and does it have a pattern
what color is this shirt, and does it have any writing on it that you can tell
what color is this shirt, and tell me if it's clean or not
what color is this shirt, and what does it say
what color is this shirt, and what is on this shirt? that is my question
what color is this shirt, and what is the logo shown on it
what color is this shirt, including stripes or not
what color is this shirt? color
what color is this shirt? question mark
what color is this shirt? thanks
what color is this shirt? what color is this shirt
what color is this shirt? what patterns does it have
what color is this shirt?. i think it's black.oh, yes mam. three one five
what color is this shoe
what color is this shoe and is there a design on it
what color is this shoe? what color
what color is this singlet
what color is this skein of yarn
what color is this skirt
what color is this sleeping bag
what color is this slip
what color is this small dog and what does it look like
what color is this sock
what color is this stapler
what color is this starburst
what color is this stovetop
what color is this suitcase
what color is this sweat shirt
what color is this sweater
what color is this sweater? for your help
what color is this sweatshirt
what color is this t shirt
what color is this t-shirt
what color is this t-shirt, and what are the colors in it
what color is this t-shirt? does it also have a brand name
what color is this table
what color is this table? and describe it
what color is this table? brown
what color is this tablet
what color is this tapestry
what color is this tee shirt
what color is this tee shirt and what is on it
what color is this thing
what color is this tie
what color is this top
what color is this towel
what color is this trash can
what color is this trouser
what color is this truck
what color is this usb flash drive
what color is this vase
what color is this wall
what color is this wallet
what color is this wallpaper
what color is this watch
what color is this water bottle
what color is this wire
what color is this wire i'm pointing to
what color is this woman's top
what color is this wrapping paper
what color is this yarn
what color is this, and is it big
what color is this, and what is it
what color is this, ehm
what color is this? and if it's light or dark
what color is this? are you coming to our christmas party on the 19th?nobody told me nothing. they'll tell you eventually
what color is this? i wanna see what happens
what color is this? if it's gray, is it dark gray or light gray or medium gray
what color is this? is it recording? shoot
what color is this? it is dark gray or light gray or medium gray
what color is this? what color is this
what color is this? what the
what color is tis plate
what color is, what color is this skirt
what color is? oh
what color jacket is the person in front of me wearing
what color jacket is this
what color jammies is my granddaughter wearing
what color jewelry should i wear with this outfit
what color laptop is that
what color of beads are these
what color of gatorade is this
what color of this docket
what color of this mouse is
what color of this yogurt is
what color of wall would match
what color of yarn is this
what color on left
what color paint is on the wall
what color paint is this
what color pants are these
what color polish is this in? evenant
what color sheet is this
what color shirt am i wearing
what color shirt is this
what color shirt is this that i have on
what color shirt was that
what color shirts would this tie go with
what color shoe am i wearing
what color shoes am i wearing
what color skin is this
what color skirt do i have
what color socks am i wearing
what color socks are these
what color socks are those
what color strength is this
what color this
what color this my things
what color this shirt
what color top is this
what color trousers are these
what color urine is this
what color was it and what was the view
what color was my shirt
what color was that
what color was that shirt
what color was the case
what color wine is this
what color wire was i holding
what color's the jumper
what color's this? does it have checks or no
what color, and is it dressy
what color, what color are these shoes
what color, what color is it
what color, what color is the mug
what color, what color is the wallet
what color, what color is this shirt
what color... what color is this skirt
what color? what color is this shirt
what color? what color is this table
what colors are in the charm of this necklace
what colors are in the flowers on this shirt
what colors are in the material
what colors are in the patter on this dress
what colors are in the pattern in this dress
what colors are in the pattern on this dress
what colors are in the picture
what colors are in the skirt
what colors are in this craft necklace
what colors are in this dress
what colors are in this jacket, are they darker or lighter
what colors are in this jacket? is it summer or winter
what colors are in this material
what colors are in this picture
what colors are in this purse
what colors are in this rug
what colors are in this shirt
what colors are in this shirt? hear my question
what colors are in this sweater
what colors are in this tie
what colors are on this fabric
what colors are on this hat, and is there writing
what colors are on this shirt
what colors are on this skirt
what colors are part of this design
what colors are present in this
what colors are the flowers on this dress
what colors are the milk bottles
what colors are the smarties
what colors are these hair clip and hair ties
what colors are this
what colors are this hat
what colors do my nails have on them
what colors do you see
what colors do you see in this item
what colors is my ipad
what colors is my jeans
what colors is my keyboard
what colors is my sock
what colors is these beads
what colors that sandal
what colors the lid on the bottle, i don't see the lid
what colors will go with this color of purple
what colors--what colors are these hats, and is there writing
what colour are the markings on this cat
what colour are these socks? describe
what colour is this
what colour is this t-shirt
what comment do you see in this picture
what company charger is this
what company does this logo belong to
what company is this by
what company is this my hotspot from
what company makes this radio
what condiment is this
what container is this
what cookies are these
what cookies are these? okay. come on
what countries are we looking at
what country is the flag for
what country is this coin from
what coupon is this
what cream is this
what creamer is this
what credit card is this
what credit card is this? and if i'm holding it wrong, let me know which way to hold it, so you can see what credit card it is
what crisps are these
what cup syrup is this
what currency and how much
what currency is this
what curtain
what day is it
what deal is this
what denomination bill is this
what denomination is that note
what denomination is this
what denomination is this bank note
what denomination is this bill
what denomination is this dollar bill
what denomination is this money
what denomination is this note
what denomination note is this
what denomination of bill is this
what denomination of currency is this
what denomination of money is this
what denominator is this
what design and colors are in this item
what design does this rug have on it
what design is on this pillow and what color
what design is on this rug
what design is that
what design is this
what design is this shirt
what dessert is this
what device does this adapter go to
what device is this
what did i just read on my pc
what did i just take
what did i just take a picture of
what did i put in this jar
what did i see
what did i take a photograph of
what did i take a picture of
what did i take a picture of this time
what did i use to take a picture of
what did it say
what did it show on the screen
what did my camera take a picture of
what did that say
what did the big grey clouds look like in the sky
what did the directions say on the box
what did the over dial say
what did the screen say
what did this computer screen say
what did you say
what dinner is on my plate
what dinner is this
what dinner is this? i already know it's food
what disc is this
what discount is written on this card
what disk is this
what do each of the three check boxes say? in other words what is the text the left of these chekboxes in order
what do i decide
what do i feed this
what do i have
what do i have here
what do i have in my hand that i just took a picture of
what do i have it on now? i am looking for heavy
what do i look like
what do i look like in this photograph
what do i need to do to complete this, i'm kind of confused. so would you help me be able to answer the question 1, 2, 3, and 4
what do i point my camera at
what do i say? what did i take a picture of? i don't even know. so it's like recorded what i'm saying. i don't know
what do i see
what do i use this for
what do the big gray clouds look like in the sky
what do the button say on these keys
what do the buttons say
what do the clouds in the picture look like? do they look like storm clouds
what do the clouds look like and what shape do you see in the clouds
what do the directions say on the bag
what do the directions say on this box
what do the grey clouds in the sky look like
what do the instructions say on the bag
what do the instructions say on the package of tide
what do the numbers on this card say
what do these look like
what do these numbers say
what do these slippers look like
what do these two kellogg boxes say
what do this guy look like in this photo
what do we use this for
what do you call a person who makes the judicial decision about a prize winning candy
what do you call both ends of this adapter? or, what what's the name of this adapter
what do you call this
what do you guys see in the camera in the picture
what do you guys see in the picture? do you see the fire crackers? fireworks
what do you guys see in the video, like in the picture? what is in the picture
what do you mean by turn up my volume
what do you mean its not playing
what do you mean, room? that wasn't my question
what do you on this sandwich
what do you reckon
what do you say
what do you see
what do you see here
what do you see here in this picture
what do you see in the photo
what do you see in the picture
what do you see in the picture on the screen from the netbook? and um
what do you see in this image
what do you see in this photo
what do you see in this photograph in detail. it's a room and i want to know the placement of objects
what do you see in this picture
what do you see in this picture. describe
what do you see in this picture? describe
what do you see in this video
what do you see on my computer screen
what do you see on my desk
what do you see on the computer monitor
what do you see on the ipad screen
what do you see on the picture
what do you see on the screen
what do you see on the television screen in this photo
what do you see on the tv
what do you see on the windows boot up
what do you see on this plate
what do you see out this window
what do you see outside the window
what do you see outside this window
what do you see through he window
what do you see through this window
what do you see what do you see in this photo
what do you see? describe to me what do you see
what do you see? what do you see
what do you think about this cordless phone
what do you think about this shirt and jeans? does it fit each other
what do you think is in this glass
what do you think of this silver belt buckle? what do you think of this silver belt buckle
what do you think that is
what do you think this is
what do you think this looks like
what do you use it for again exactly? the white bottle, or the what is that
what do you use? this will be too
what do you want? what do you want? becky, you don't want to go to dairy farm? no, i don't have any money and i'm not ready and i don't even want any ice cream. get ready, we gotta go
what document is this
what doe's it say
what does
what does a fortune cookie say
what does a t-shirt say
what does a tag say
what does all of it say
what does an eagle say
what does emphasized mean
what does everything on the food label say
what does he look like
what does he sees here
what does is say
what does is say on the screen
what does it look like
what does it look like out here
what does it look like outside
what does it look likes it's set on now? because it acts like it wants to drain the water
what does it read
what does it say
what does it say and what color is it
what does it say at the top of the page, like the title
what does it say exactly on this coupon
what does it say here
what does it say here in this box
what does it say in the shaded area
what does it say in the upper left corner of this envelope
what does it say now on the screen
what does it say on here
what does it say on my receipt
what does it say on my screen
what does it say on screen
what does it say on that bag
what does it say on the back of the entire box
what does it say on the back of this box
what does it say on the bottle
what does it say on the box
what does it say on the box for directions on how to make macaroni and cheese
what does it say on the computer screen
what does it say on the current screen
what does it say on the display
what does it say on the envelope
what does it say on the inside of this card
what does it say on the keurig screen
what does it say on the label
what does it say on the lid
what does it say on the paper
what does it say on the poster in the picture
what does it say on the screen
what does it say on the sticker
what does it say on the sticker on the back of this computer
what does it say on the sticker, on the back of the computer
what does it say on the tv? and how big is the tv
what does it say on this (inaudible
what does it say on this bottle
what does it say on this box
what does it say on this box? what's the name of the contents of the box
what does it say on this cap
what does it say on this card
what does it say on this computer monitor
what does it say on this computer screen
what does it say on this coupon
what does it say on this display
what does it say on this glass
what does it say on this key ring
what does it say on this label
what does it say on this packaging
what does it say on this page of the book
what does it say on this page that i took in the picture
what does it say on this piece of paper
what does it say on this shirt
what does it say on this t-shirt
what does it say on this van
what does it say right there
what does it say this bottle contains
what does it say underneath windows cannot repair this system automatically? it says start something
what does it say? i don't think this works
what does it see
what does it show exactly on the screen? give a thorough description of what is in the picture
what does it show on the computer monitor screen
what does it show on the computer screen
what does it show on the screen
what does it show on the screen of the computer? note it is an..it is an asus 56e computer, what does it show on the computer screen? thanks
what does it show on the screen of this computer
what does it show on the screen, and also what type of phone is this
what does it show on the screen? if you can't tell me what it shows on the screen, then tell me what i can do to improve this image
what does it show on this computer monitor screen
what does it show on this computer monitor screen? and if you can't see the screen, tell me how i can correct the image
what does it show on this computer monitor. screen or laptop monitor tell me how to fix it eg moving camera up or moving camera down
what does it show on this computer screen
what does it written on the paper
what does my
what does my blood pressure read
what does my coffee look like
what does my computer say
what does my computer screen say
what does my computer screen show
what does my computer's screen say
what does my display say
what does my eye look like
what does my face look like
what does my hand look like
what does my hand... what does my hand look like
what does my hat say
what does my screen say
what does my shirt say
what does my shirt say and what color is it
what does my treadmill reading tell me
what does my tv screen have on it
what does my tv screen say
what does nostra mean
what does polo shirt goes with this jeans
what does screen of this radio say
what does she look like
what does she look like, and hopefully this isn't blurry again
what does that bottle head say
what does that cd say
what does that do in a foosball table? oh, yeah
what does that jacket look like
what does that look like
what does that mean
what does that money say
what does that option say
what does that paper say
what does that photo say
what does that say
what does that say on the speaker
what does that say? read it? i am asking this. i can't say ipod
what does that sign showing
what does the ?? look like
what does the arrow say
what does the back of the shirt say
what does the back of this bottle of deodorant
what does the back of this card say
what does the battery status say
what does the black button on the top left say
what does the bottle say
what does the bottom say
what does the box say in it
what does the box say on it
what does the box say on it, and what are the instructions for cooking time
what does the boy in the photo look like
what does the brand name say? what does that label say actually
what does the bug look like
what does the can say
what does the cap say
what does the captcha in the top box say? if it's blurry, how can i orient the camera so you can see it better
what does the captcha say
what does the caption say
what does the card say
what does the coffee cup say
what does the computer monitor say
what does the computer screen read
what does the computer screen say
what does the cord look like
what does the corridor look like
what does the coupon say
what does the cup look like
what does the dial indicate as the top facing number
what does the dial indicate as the top-most number
what does the directions say
what does the display read
what does the display say
what does the error message say
what does the error message say on the printer
what does the fire look like
what does the first line of this list say
what does the first word of this say
what does the fortune cookie say
what does the front of this car or truck look like as far as the layout goes
what does the ge logo on the grill look like
what does the gift code on this card say
what does the hand written label say
what does the hat say
what does the house look like next door to us? the one i took a picture of
what does the key say on this piece of paper
what does the label in the photo say
what does the label of this package of meat say
what does the label on these cd's say
what does the label on this bottle say
what does the label on this box say
what does the label on this can say
what does the label on this cup say
what does the label on this electronic device say
what does the label on this jar say
what does the label on this package of meat say
what does the label on this say
what does the label on this tube say
what does the label read for this bread? who made this bread? who's the manufacturer
what does the label read on this can
what does the label say
what does the label say for this cheese
what does the label say on this bottle
what does the label say on this electronic component
what does the label show on this bottle
what does the label, what is on the label on this bottle
what does the lid say
what does the logo on the shirt
what does the middle sign say
what does the monitor say
what does the mug say
what does the name say on this map
what does the number next to offset say
what does the p mean
what does the p mean on the cup
what does the package say
what does the paper say
what does the password say
what does the photo on the wall show
what does the picture look like on the screen. or what does it say on the screen? is it done refreshing
what does the picture look like on this wrapping paper
what does the picture say
what does the picture show
what does the picture show? what is this
what does the red box say
what does the restaurant bill say
what does the say
what does the scale say
what does the scale say this time? i hope it's on
what does the screen on my tv say
what does the screen say
what does the screen say and do i need better lighting for the camera
what does the screen say now
what does the screen say on the computer
what does the screen say? what key command should i press
what does the screen show
what does the sheet of paper say
what does the shirt say
what does the short say
what does the sign in this photograph say if there is a sign
what does the sign say
what does the sign say? what's it say
what does the sky look like
what does the sky look like in this photo
what does the sky look like in this photograph
what does the sky look like in this picture
what does the small label on this disc say
what does the soap bottle say on it
what does the spring say
what does the sticker on this card say
what does the sticker on this card say if it's visible in this photo
what does the sun set and the clouds look like? are the clouds storm clouds
what does the sweatshirt say
what does the t-shirt say
what does the t-shirt show
what does the tag say
what does the tech say of this picture
what does the temperature say
what does the temperature say on this thermometer? so much
what does the temperature say on this thermostat
what does the temperature say? so much. i really appreciate this
what does the text at the top of the screen say
what does the text at the top of this screen say
what does the text in that white box say
what does the text in this captcha image say
what does the text on the top of the screen, as well as the two items in the menu say
what does the text on this say
what does the text on this screen say
what does the text over the ok button say on this screen
what does the text say
what does the the captcha say
what does the thermostat read
what does the thermostat say
what does the thermostat screen say
what does the top of this page say
what does the top of this pamphlet say
what does the top of this paper say
what does the truck in this picture look like
what does the truck look like
what does the woman in this picture look like and what does she wear
what does the words in red say
what does the writing on the bottle say
what does the writing on the can say
what does the writing on this say
what does the writing say
what does the writing say on this piece of paper
what does these look like
what does they say
what does this arrow say
what does this baby jar say
what does this backyard look like
what does this bag say
what does this barcode mean
what does this booklet say? is it a part of the cd
what does this bottle say
what does this bottle say if you can read it. if i need to adjust where i've got this, let me know
what does this bottle say on it
what does this box contain
what does this box contain in this photo? guess it by looking at it
what does this box have on it
what does this box look like
what does this box say
what does this box say and look like
what does this box say on it
what does this box say on top
what does this business card have on it
what does this business card say
what does this button say
what does this can contain
what does this can say
what does this can say now
what does this cap say
what does this captcha say
what does this capthca say
what does this caption say
what does this capture
what does this capture say
what does this card say
what does this cartoon look like
what does this cd say
what does this chair say
what does this character say
what does this code say
what does this coffee can label say
what does this computer screen say
what does this computer screen say? i think i have the camera facing the right way now
what does this computer screen say? i'm trying to log in and i have no speech
what does this coupon say on it
what does this cover sheet say
what does this cup contain
what does this cup look like
what does this cup say
what does this dial say on this thermostat
what does this dialog box say
what does this dialogue box say
what does this dialogue box say and tell what's highlighted
what does this dialogue box say and what's highlighted
what does this display say
what does this display show
what does this do
what does this dog look like
what does this doll look like
what does this dress look like
what does this flip flop look like
what does this food label say
what does this fortune cookie say
what does this frame say
what does this girl look like in detail
what does this grill say
what does this guy look like
what does this guy look like in this photo
what does this harness say
what does this hat say
what does this have on it
what does this house look like
what does this image show
what does this item include and make
what does this item look like
what does this item look like, and what colors are in it
what does this item say on it
what does this item show? what is on this computer monitor screen
what does this jar say on it
what does this jar say? can't find it
what does this key chain have on it
what does this key say on the paper? hopefully you guys can see it right
what does this kitty cat look like? tell me the colors and his position
what does this knob say
what does this label on this pill bottle say
what does this label read
what does this label say
what does this label say on the coffee can
what does this label say? before you said china, try and give me more information
what does this label say? come on
what does this label say? question mark. is it turmeric
what does this label say? what kind of cheese is it
what does this led display say at this present
what does this letter say
what does this lid say
what does this list include
what does this list say
what does this little note say
what does this logo go to
what does this logo say
what does this look like
what does this look like and what color is it
what does this machine do
what does this magazine cover say
what does this magazine say
what does this maple say
what does this mean
what does this menu say
what does this message say
what does this microwave say
what does this microwave say now
what does this milk look safe
what does this milk say
what does this miscon said
what does this monitor look like
what does this mug say
what does this music cd label say
what does this note say
what does this note say, if visible
what does this object look like
what does this one say
what does this package contain
what does this package say
what does this package say? the names
what does this packet say
what does this page have on it
what does this page say
what does this paper say
what does this paper say on this box
what does this part of the sky look like in this picture
what does this phone bill show
what does this photo contain
what does this photo say
what does this photo say and is there any capital letters in it
what does this picture look like
what does this picture on my t-shirt look like
what does this picture say
what does this picture say? and does this picture have any capital letters
what does this picture show
what does this picture show as being the temperature
what does this picture show in full description
what does this picture show? description full
what does this piece of paper say
what does this pillow have on it
what does this pillow say
what does this plant look like
what does this plaque say
what does this pregnancy test show
what does this pregnancy test show? positive or negative
what does this product say
what does this prompt,press which key to go into configuration mode. what is the key
what does this radio say
what does this read
what does this reading say
what does this really say
what does this receipt say
what does this remote go to
what does this represent
what does this ring look like
what does this rock say and is there anything on it
what does this say
what does this say and is it blue ray
what does this say and look like
what does this say and what color is it
what does this say and what should i do
what does this say here what is this
what does this say in the bottle
what does this say on it
what does this say on my screen
what does this say on the back
what does this say on the bottle
what does this say on the front
what does this say on the green lighted area
what does this say on the label
what does this say on the screen
what does this say on this
what does this say on this object
what does this say on this object? what is the writing on the object
what does this say on this screen
what does this say or what is it about
what does this say, question mark
what does this say, what does this say
what does this say, what is this pamphlet about
what does this say? any part of it
what does this say? i am looking for the instructions
what does this say? is it a blu-ray
what does this say? wait, wait, wait, wait. yeah, what does this say
what does this say? what are any words in this
what does this say? what does it look like
what does this say? what does this say
what does this say? what does this say? what does it say
what does this say?what does this say
what does this screen look like
what does this screen say
what does this screen say exactly, if you can read this
what does this screen say on the laptop
what does this screen saying
what does this sheet say
what does this shirt have on it in terms of words and pictures? does it have any stains
what does this shirt have on it, like words or pictures? does it have any stains
what does this shirt look like
what does this shirt say
what does this shirt say? and
what does this shirt say? what does it look like
what does this show
what does this sign say
what does this sign say under the number
what does this sticker say
what does this surface look like
what does this symbol mean
what does this t-shirt have on it
what does this t-shirt look like, color and picture
what does this t-shirt say
what does this t-shirt show
what does this tag say
what does this tee shirt look like
what does this television screen say
what does this text say
what does this thermometer say
what does this thermostat read
what does this thermostat say
what does this truck in this photo look like
what does this tshirt say
what does this watch face show
what does this water bottle say
what does this window say
what does this windows xp error say
what does this wine bottle say
what does this wine label say
what does this word mean
what does this writing say
what does this...what does this purse look like
what does this? what is the flavor of this ice cream
what does walker consider to be her mother's major means of artistic expression
what does, what does it say on this can
what does, what does this say
what dog is in the picture
what dollar amount is this
what dollar bill is this
what domination is this coin wrapper
what domination is this money
what domination of bill is this
what drink can i make with this
what drink is that
what drink is this
what drink this is
what dvd is it
what dvd is this
what dvd is this and is my iphone camera getting blurry
what effect of the protein diet was being listed
what effect of the protein diet was being tested
what electronic device is this for
what else does this label say
what else is in this dinner besides breaded chicken
what entree is this
what exactly does it show on the screen
what exactly does this captcha say
what exactly is that object that i photographed? it's a bottle, but i'm not quite sure what kind of bottle
what exactly is this
what exactly is this design
what exactly is this product
what fabric is this and what color is it
what face is this
what favor is this
what fiber shake and bake is this
what film is this
what flavor
what flavor and brand is this k-cup ? thanks and merry christmas
what flavor and brand of cake is this
what flavor and brand of k cup is this
what flavor and brand of k cup is this ? and merry christmas
what flavor and brand of k-cup is this
what flavor and make of coffee is this
what flavor are the noodles
what flavor are the sausages
what flavor are these
what flavor are these biscuits
what flavor are these chips
what flavor are these crisps
what flavor are these croutons
what flavor are these energy bars
what flavor are these mints
what flavor are these noodles
what flavor are these nutrition bars
what flavor are these pop rocks
what flavor are these popper dons
what flavor are these pringles
what flavor are these sausages
what flavor are those noodles
what flavor baby food is this
what flavor bacardi breezer is this
what flavor biscuits are these
what flavor cereal is this
what flavor cereal is this box
what flavor cereal is this one
what flavor cereal is this? this is the last box
what flavor cheese is this
what flavor chips are these
what flavor coca-cola is this
what flavor coffee is this
what flavor coffee or tea is this
what flavor coke does this button belong to
what flavor cookies are in this bag? or what kind, or brand
what flavor crisp are these
what flavor dip is this
what flavor dog food is that
what flavor dressing is this
what flavor gum is this
what flavor hot pockets are these
what flavor ice cream is this
what flavor if rice is this
what flavor is it
what flavor is that
what flavor is the dinner
what flavor is this
what flavor is this bag of
what flavor is this bag of noodles
what flavor is this bottle
what flavor is this button for
what flavor is this can of pop
what flavor is this can of soup
what flavor is this coffee, ? . have a nice day
what flavor is this coke
what flavor is this dinner
what flavor is this dinner? i don't remember buying a breakfast dinner
what flavor is this dinner? i know it's a smart one
what flavor is this drink
what flavor is this energy bar
what flavor is this gatorade
what flavor is this gevalia coffee
what flavor is this gevalia coffee? it's the last one
what flavor is this ice cream
what flavor is this jello
what flavor is this noodles
what flavor is this packet
what flavor is this pasta sauce
what flavor is this pizza
what flavor is this powder
what flavor is this pudding
what flavor is this rice a roni
what flavor is this ricearoni
what flavor is this set
what flavor is this soda
what flavor is this soup
what flavor is this spice
what flavor is this tea
what flavor is this yoghurt
what flavor is this yogurt
what flavor is this? i know it's green mountain coffee
what flavor is this? i know its green mountain coffee
what flavor is this? i know that it's green mountain coffee
what flavor is this? i think it's bacon
what flavor is this? what flavor is this
what flavor jam is this
what flavor lara bar is this
what flavor marie callendar dinner is this
what flavor marie callender dinner is this
what flavor meat is this? what flavor
what flavor noodles are these
what flavor oatmeal is this
what flavor of bcr is this
what flavor of cake up is this
what flavor of capri sun is this
what flavor of cat food
what flavor of cat food is this
what flavor of cheese is this
what flavor of chips is this packet
what flavor of coffee is this
what flavor of coffee is this ? hopefully the flash is better this time
what flavor of coffee is this ? not the make, the flavor
what flavor of coffee is this ? third times a charm
what flavor of coffee is this one
what flavor of coffee is this? i know it's green mountain coffee
what flavor of coffee made is this
what flavor of coke does this button belong to
what flavor of cream of wheat is this
what flavor of crust is this
what flavor of cup of noddle is this
what flavor of curry cup is this
what flavor of dinner is this
what flavor of dog food is this
what flavor of drink mix is this
what flavor of fiber one bars are these
what flavor of green mountain coffee is this? flavor
what flavor of hamburger helper is this
what flavor of ice cream is this
what flavor of ice cream is this again
what flavor of icecream is this
what flavor of iced tea is this
what flavor of icee is this
what flavor of jello is this
what flavor of jellybeans are in this package
what flavor of jerky
what flavor of jerky is this
what flavor of juice box is this
what flavor of juice is this
what flavor of k-cup is this
what flavor of k-cups are in this box
what flavor of keurig coffee is this
what flavor of kool aid is this
what flavor of kool-aid is this
what flavor of koolaid is this
what flavor of marie calender dinner is this
what flavor of marie callender's dinner is this
what flavor of meal is this
what flavor of microwave popcorn is this
what flavor of mini doughnuts are these
what flavor of newman's coffee is this
what flavor of oatmeal is this
what flavor of pop is this
what flavor of pop tarts are these
what flavor of pop-tart's are these
what flavor of poptarts are these
what flavor of pringles is this
what flavor of progresso soup is this
what flavor of pudding is this? is it cook and serve or is it instant? the last person just told me it was a box. i know it's a box
what flavor of ranch is this
what flavor of rice is this
what flavor of rice is this this
what flavor of snack pudding is this
what flavor of snapple is this
what flavor of soda is that
what flavor of soda is this
what flavor of soda is this can
what flavor of soup is this
what flavor of soup is this? thanks
what flavor of spark is this
what flavor of starbucks coffee is this
what flavor of take five gum is this
what flavor of tea is this
what flavor of tootsie pop is this
what flavor of tv dinner is this ? thanks
what flavor of yogurt is this
what flavor of, what flavor of doritos are these
what flavor oreos are these
what flavor pasta in sauce is this
what flavor pizza is this
what flavor pop is this
what flavor potato chips are these
what flavor rice a roni is this
what flavor rice a roni is this? sorry to ask again. the app crashed
what flavor rice o roni is this
what flavor rice-a-roni is this
what flavor rum is this
what flavor sandwich
what flavor shake and bake is this
what flavor shake and bake is this one
what flavor silk almond milk is this
what flavor smirnoff ice is this
what flavor snakpak is this
what flavor snapple is this
what flavor soda is that
what flavor soda is this
what flavor soup is this
what flavor these are
what flavor this is
what flavor tv dinner is this
what flavor were these
what flavor wine is this
what flavor yogurt is this
what flavors are these energy bars
what flavors does pam come in
what flavors of jelly beans are in the package
what flavour is this
what flock is this
what floor
what flower is it
what flower is this
what fluid is this
what food am i looking at
what food is in the package
what food is in this bag
what food is in this can
what food is inside this packet
what food is that
what food is this
what food is this? question mark
what football player is this
what fragrance is this
what fragrance is this? what fragrance is this
what frequency is in this radio? what is the frequency displayed on the screen if you can see it
what frequency is my stereo radio tuned to
what frequency is this
what frequency is this radio on
what frozen dinner is this
what frozen dinner is this, and see what the conventional oven temperature should be, and for how long
what fruit is this
what fruit stand is this
what game am i playing
what game is this
what games are these
what gift card is this
what giftcard is this
what golf course logo is this from
what greeting is displayed on the meter
what hair color does this person have
what happened
what harry potter book is this
what has numbers on this tablet
what has this picture got in it, what kind of things? what kind of stuff
what have i taken a picture of
what headphones are these
what hours are they open
what i asked was, if, what if the two things went together, but i don't know if you can tell me because i don't know if the picture was correct, but thank
what i have is this data
what i- what is on my screen
what ice cream is this
what in the photo
what in the world is this thing
what in this tin
what ingredient to i need
what ingredients are listed on this box
what ingredients are needed
what ingredients do i need
what inner is this
what ipod generation is that
what is
what is 465 minus 55
what is a hundred dollars in pounds
what is a photo
what is a picture
what is a picture of
what is a product
what is a remote control
what is a swastika
what is a tattoo
what is against the wall next to the door
what is all information on the bottom of this modem
what is all that
what is all this on
what is an iphone
what is around
what is at the window
what is bag for? something i can't tell what it is
what is basically written on the package
what is be expiration date
what is beeing displayed on my screen
what is behind that glass window
what is behind the fence
what is being displayed on my screen
what is being displayed on my screen right now and what's highlighted
what is being displayed on the screen
what is blocking the road in this photo
what is can? tell me what is in it
what is cd
what is color
what is color for the sink
what is color for this laptop
what is color is this top
what is cooking on the grill
what is currently being displayed on my screen
what is currently being displayed on the tv screen
what is currently displayed on the screen
what is currently displayed on this screen
what is currently on the screen
what is currently on the tv screen
what is directions for the box
what is displayed
what is displayed on my screen
what is displayed on the computer screen
what is displayed on the screen
what is does the sky look like in this photograph
what is for dinner tomorrow
what is front of this manual
what is going on
what is going on in this picture
what is good
what is grandma's favorite game. bingo
what is happening on this screen? this is a screenshot from a locked up computer
what is he
what is he doing? question mark
what is he wearing
what is in
what is in front
what is in front of me
what is in front of me and the wall
what is in front of me right now
what is in front of me? it's whizzing around, sorry that didn't work as it did last time. wanna try that again in a moment. it's whizzing around so it's picked up
what is in front of me? tell what is in front of me, tell what i am looking at
what is in here
what is in it
what is in my hand
what is in my hand? and what color is it
what is in my refrigerator
what is in that bottle
what is in that bottle? it's not lemonade, it's not mountain dew. what is it
what is in that bowl
what is in that box
what is in that can
what is in that container
what is in that jar
what is in that picture
what is in the bag
what is in the barrel
what is in the bottle
what is in the bowl
what is in the box
what is in the box? what kind of tea is that
what is in the can
what is in the can and if it's green beans tell me what cut it is
what is in the can in my right hand in the picture
what is in the collage
what is in the color
what is in the container
what is in the contents of this tube
what is in the cup
what is in the drawer and describe
what is in the first line
what is in the jar
what is in the jar and would you have a suggested recipe
what is in the left hand corner of this device
what is in the little bottle that is flat on the table
what is in the little bottle that is on the table
what is in the little bottle that is standing on the table? if you can not see, explain how to fix the picture
what is in the package
what is in the photo
what is in the photograph
what is in the picture
what is in the picture i just take
what is in the picture i just took
what is in the picture? . crash
what is in the picture? what is in the hand
what is in the pitcher
what is in the room
what is in the scare
what is in the soda
what is in the tin
what is in the tin in my right hand
what is in the tube
what is in the tube? is there a label on the tube
what is in the white bottle
what is in the...what is in the bag
what is in there
what is in these bottles from left to right
what is in these cans
what is in this
what is in this and how much does each thing cost
what is in this background
what is in this bag
what is in this bag? thanks
what is in this basket
what is in this bedroom
what is in this big round jar
what is in this bottle
what is in this bottle and tell me if you can actually hear me
what is in this bottle and what does the label say
what is in this bottle and what is it
what is in this bottle of soda? is it coke or pepsi
what is in this bottle or what is the label on this bottle? is it magnesium
what is in this bottle, and what is it used for? give a brief description
what is in this bottle, and what's its expiration date
what is in this bottle? i know it's baby-ganic something, but i don't know which cleaner it is
what is in this bottle? stop
what is in this bottle? what is in this bottle
what is in this bottle?it does smell good doesn't it
what is in this box
what is in this box and how do i prepare it
what is in this box and what flavor is it
what is in this box of drinks
what is in this box, tv dinner, box tv dinner
what is in this box? and i'm going to have several of these
what is in this box? i should've asked what kind of cereal is this, cause i know it's a cereal. no, we have boxes that look like cereal boxes but they're actually cookie boxes
what is in this box? see the brand name
what is in this box? so basically annabell what i did was take a picture of the box, and probably not even a good picture of the box
what is in this box? wh
what is in this box? whaa
what is in this box? what does the label say on this box
what is in this brown container
what is in this bucket
what is in this bucket? chris, what flavor are there other
what is in this can
what is in this can ? and what brand if possible
what is in this can ? hopefully i got the right side of the label
what is in this can ? thanks
what is in this can ?, so long
what is in this can of food, or what is in this can
what is in this can of of? what what is in this can
what is in this can, is it juice or what
what is in this can? also, what is in this box
what is in this can? i already know it is a can
what is in this can? i hope i got a good picture of it
what is in this can? i think it is bread crumbs, but i am not sure. thanks
what is in this can? in advance
what is in this can? is this a better picture
what is in this can? thanks
what is in this can? thanks for your help in advance. i really appreciate it
what is in this can? thanks so much
what is in this can? that's what i would like to know
what is in this can? the one right in front of the bananas i believe
what is in this can? very much
what is in this can? what is in this can
what is in this can? what kind of food is in this can
what is in this can? what product is this
what is in this captcha
what is in this capture
what is in this card and is it right side up or upside down
what is in this card and this red separate upside down
what is in this carton
what is in this case
what is in this cereal box
what is in this chart
what is in this container
what is in this container, is it half and half
what is in this container? what container? albert? hold on babe
what is in this cream
what is in this cup
what is in this cup? what is in this cup
what is in this dinner
what is in this drink
what is in this envelope
what is in this food package
what is in this hand
what is in this image
what is in this jar
what is in this jar ? and very much
what is in this jar according to the label shown
what is in this jar? what type of food
what is in this job
what is in this jug
what is in this ketchup
what is in this kitchen? in this room
what is in this label
what is in this little bottle
what is in this match
what is in this medicine bottle
what is in this medicine box
what is in this one
what is in this package
what is in this package ? pudding or apple sauce
what is in this package of meat
what is in this package, and if you could find the brand name, could you include that ? thanks
what is in this package, what is it
what is in this package, what kind of cake mix
what is in this package? and if you can include a brand name, that would help
what is in this package? and, if you can see a brand name could you say what that brand name is
what is in this package? do i have enough light for you to see it
what is in this package? what i usually
what is in this package? what is it
what is in this package? when it says in progress that means it's doing it, right? yeah i think it's trying to put
what is in this packet
what is in this pen ? thanks
what is in this photo
what is in this photograph
what is in this photograph? i said, what is in this photograph
what is in this picture
what is in this picture and would you have a recipe
what is in this picture i just took
what is in this picture? what is on the bottle
what is in this picture? what kind of box is it
what is in this pill bottle
what is in this pitcher
what is in this product and what weight is it
what is in this progesso whatever? i don't know what is in it
what is in this red envelope
what is in this sample box
what is in this scent
what is in this screen
what is in this sin
what is in this sink
what is in this small bottle? what is in this small bottle
what is in this small tube
what is in this soup can
what is in this spice
what is in this spray bottle
what is in this stack
what is in this supplement bottle
what is in this tent
what is in this thing
what is in this tin
what is in this tin . what is in this tin
what is in this tin? . what is in this tin
what is in this tin? thanks for your help
what is in this tube
what is in this tube, what is on the label
what is in this tube? what does the label say on this tube
what is in this tv dinner
what is in this, what is in this can
what is in this? what is the label on this container
what is inside
what is inside my window
what is inside of this can
what is inside that box
what is inside the photo
what is inside this
what is inside this bottle
what is inside this box
what is inside this can
what is inside this canned good
what is inside this image
what is int his bottle
what is is this, and is it hot
what is it
what is it and what color is it
what is it and what is the picture on it
what is it for
what is it in the picture
what is it left and right bottom
what is it on the picture
what is it say on this tag
what is it set at
what is it set to
what is it that came up
what is it that i am looking at? or did i just take a picture of
what is it that i'm looking at
what is it that i'm looking at here
what is it the king of
what is it, again
what is it, and what is the color
what is it, how many milligrams, and the count
what is it? i did
what is it? i have to record a question
what is it? is it woman
what is it? maybe it's not ready to go. trying to get this to work. what? oh the thing? yeah
what is it? no you plug it in. it'll tell you when
what is it? record what is it
what is it? what color is it? hold on, it's on an app dad. i'm not actually talking
what is it? what is it
what is it? what is it? let's see if this works, alright i couldn't do it in my class
what is it? what is that
what is it? what is this
what is laying on this table
what is link
what is lipozene
what is lollygagging? what is lollygagging? what is lollygagging
what is mesh
what is my blood pressure
what is my blood pressure and pulse rate
what is my blood pressure reading
what is my cat doing
what is my color of what is color of my shirt
what is my computer asking me to do
what is my computer doing
what is my computer screen displaying
what is my computer screen reading
what is my computer screen showing
what is my computer screen showing now
what is my computer showing now
what is my cooker set on
what is my credit card number
what is my daughter doing
what is my desktop showing
what is my dial set on
what is my dog doing
what is my dog eating
what is my ex's number
what is my favorite dog
what is my fortune
what is my granddaughter wearing? the little girl
what is my leg made out of
what is my rate
what is my shirt say? what is on it
what is my slow cooker set to
what is my temperature
what is my thermostat set at? very much for your help it's greatly appreciated
what is my thermostat set at? very much for your help. it's really appreciated
what is my time distance and calories burned on my treadmill
what is my weight
what is my, what is my computer screen showing right now
what is name of the product
what is name of this cat
what is next to the fan, and i have one other question, and i have one other question, how long do you plan to be doing this
what is next wednesday's date
what is now on this tv screen
what is on
what is on my bed
what is on my cell
what is on my computer screen
what is on my computer screen? windows isin't turning on
what is on my hand
what is on my lap
what is on my laptop screen
what is on my screen
what is on my screen and what's highlighted? for example, i'm hoping it will say which operating system do you want to run and one of them will be highlighted. which one is highlighted
what is on my shelves
what is on my shirt
what is on my table
what is on my tv? i don't know, what is on my tv? and what does tv stand for? and what time is it
what is on screen
what is on t.v
what is on tap
what is on television
what is on that and what color is it whats your favorite baseball team
what is on that bookcase
what is on that box
what is on that box. could you tell me the instructions if possible
what is on that can
what is on that pennant on the wall, that is my question
what is on that screen
what is on that sheet of paper
what is on that shelf? and how many of each thing is on the shelf
what is on the agenda at eight thirty
what is on the back of that card
what is on the back of the door
what is on the back of this box
what is on the back of this muesli
what is on the backs
what is on the bar code
what is on the bottle
what is on the breast of this collared shirt
what is on the cabinets
what is on the cd
what is on the ceiling
what is on the coffee table
what is on the computer monitor
what is on the computer screen
what is on the couch
what is on the cover of the book
what is on the cover of this book
what is on the cup
what is on the current screen? what does it say
what is on the dial of this? how many minutes to go
what is on the display
what is on the display of the thermostat
what is on the floor
what is on the front
what is on the front cover of the book
what is on the front of my shirt
what is on the front of this item? what is it
what is on the front of this magazine
what is on the front of this manual end? what's the title
what is on the front of this tshirt
what is on the greek salad
what is on the iphone screen? is there any writing, or logos
what is on the label of this bottle
what is on the monitor
what is on the outside of this box
what is on the outside of this envelope
what is on the page
what is on the paper
what is on the pennant on my wall
what is on the pennant on the wall? and tell me the colors
what is on the picture
what is on the pillowcase
what is on the scanner screen
what is on the screen
what is on the screen and do i have to hit anything to make it go past this
what is on the screen display
what is on the screen now
what is on the screen of this laptop computer
what is on the screen of this sirius radio
what is on the screen on my computer
what is on the screen? and what kind of screen is it
what is on the sheet of paper
what is on the shelf
what is on the shelves
what is on the t-shirt
what is on the table
what is on the tag
what is on the television set
what is on the text
what is on the tv
what is on the tv? i can't tell
what is on the, what is on the tv
what is on these cells, and how many things are there on these cells
what is on these nachos
what is on these shells
what is on this
what is on this baby's shirt
what is on this badge
what is on this bag
what is on this book
what is on this booklet that you can see? describe everything that you can see
what is on this bottle
what is on this box
what is on this box or in this box of cassettes
what is on this box that i just took a picture of
what is on this box, and tell me any written information
what is on this box? what's the brand of this snack? is it cereal or what
what is on this calendar
what is on this cam
what is on this can
what is on this captcha
what is on this card
what is on this card and is it right side or broad side down
what is on this card and is it right side up or right side down
what is on this card? i'm looking for specifically a 8 digit id number of some kind, hope i didnt wake you up
what is on this card? what text is on the card
what is on this channel
what is on this computer screen
what is on this computer screen? give an answer with more than one word
what is on this coupon
what is on this cup
what is on this desk
what is on this document
what is on this envelope
what is on this id badge
what is on this jump out, and what color is it
what is on this jumper
what is on this k ring
what is on this k-ring
what is on this key ring
what is on this label
what is on this label? it's from euro-spices but i need to know what it is
what is on this label? the name of the label, . and what space
what is on this list
what is on this menu
what is on this monitor
what is on this necklace
what is on this package
what is on this page
what is on this page in this photo
what is on this page of the avon book
what is on this page of this avon book
what is on this paper
what is on this photo
what is on this picture
what is on this piece of paper
what is on this pillow
what is on this platter
what is on this poster
what is on this remote
what is on this screen
what is on this screen displayed
what is on this screen really
what is on this sheet of paper
what is on this shelf
what is on this shirt
what is on this shirt and what color is it, tell me
what is on this shirt? thanks
what is on this side of the bottle
what is on this sweatshirt and hear my question
what is on this t shirt
what is on this t shirt? i know there's a knight. but what's the words
what is on this t-shirt
what is on this t.v. screen
what is on this table
what is on this tea ring and the name of the boat
what is on this television screen
what is on this tshirt
what is on this wallet
what is on top of that monitor and what color is it
what is on top of the coffee table
what is on top of the filing cabinet
what is on top of the toilet
what is on tv
what is on tv at the moment
what is on tv? could you stop talking . it is recording
what is on, what type of bottle is this
what is one sheet of paper
what is out the window
what is playing on this channel
what is printed on the bandanna
what is printed on this glass
what is printed on this t-shirt
what is returning this paper? why is it returning this paper
what is rut
what is seen on the laptop screen
what is seen on the laptop screen? what is seen on the laptop screen
what is seen on this page
what is seen on this picture
what is she doing? what is she wearing
what is showing now on the computer screen is it waiting for me to do something if so what should i do
what is showing on the menu. what is selected on the tv menu
what is shown in the little rectangular window
what is shown on this label
what is shown on this thermostat
what is shown on this tshirt? thanks
what is sitting on the table
what is song is this
what is th is
what is that
what is that a bottle of
what is that a coupon for
what is that a picture of
what is that and what color is it
what is that badge
what is that bark
what is that bell
what is that bill
what is that black thing, underneath the hat?, i really appreciate it
what is that book
what is that bottle
what is that bottle? okay
what is that box
what is that building
what is that can
what is that color
what is that color of her red lip? tell me about all the color contained
what is that computer screen showing
what is that day's lunch
what is that drink
what is that hanging on the mirror
what is that i'm looking at
what is that in front me and what color is it
what is that in front of me
what is that in front of me and is it dangerous
what is that in my lap
what is that in the wall
what is that item
what is that label
what is that machine
what is that noise
what is that object
what is that object? i'm pretty sure it's sunscreen, but i'm not sure
what is that on my screen
what is that on the floor
what is that on the package
what is that picture
what is that picture of
what is that picture that i just took
what is that product
what is that set on
what is that shirt
what is that sitting on the plate
what is that stella? thanks
what is that that i just took a picture of
what is that the container
what is that thing
what is that tin
what is that word
what is that, across the street there
what is that, bill
what is that? (indistinguishable murmur) that's kind of like siri
what is that? but then it kept going around. i never use that one. which one do you use
what is that? i'm stumbling on it
what is that? oh, i see what it is
what is that? or what is this
what is that? what is that
what is that? what is this
what is the
what is the 3 digit code
what is the 5-digit code
what is the 9 on this label for the lead
what is the access code
what is the address
what is the address displayed on this card
what is the address here
what is the amount given in the currency known as the indian, is the currency in this photo
what is the amount of gift money and from which country
what is the amount of this money
what is the amount of this money and from which country
what is the amount on this check
what is the animal in this cage
what is the answer
what is the answer 79.54 minus 43.16
what is the answer for this equation
what is the answer of this question
what is the answer to number 10
what is the answer to number 12
what is the answer to the math problem
what is the answer to the math question
what is the answer to the problem
what is the answer to the question of life, the universe and everything
what is the answer to this
what is the answer to this question
what is the app on the top left
what is the area
what is the area massage say
what is the arrangement of the ports on the slingbox
what is the backwards l signify on the nokia 6790
what is the baking temperature of this
what is the basic information of this supplement
what is the battery status? is that better
what is the best cellphone
what is the black thing
what is the blue item
what is the book that i have just taken a picture of? it's my wife's birthday, and i need to know which one it is, so i can wrap it
what is the boot order for devices
what is the bottle in front of me? it's kind of cool. so they're seeing and they'll respond
what is the bottle of
what is the box in front of me
what is the box title
what is the brand
what is the brand and most especially type of this supplement
what is the brand and name of the set of glasses
what is the brand and type of this supplement
what is the brand name
what is the brand name of these cookies
what is the brand name of these egg rolls
what is the brand name of this
what is the brand name of this air conditioner
what is the brand name of this bottle of water
what is the brand name of this case
what is the brand name of this cereal
what is the brand name of this cheese snack
what is the brand name of this chocolate bar
what is the brand name of this detergent
what is the brand name on the bottle
what is the brand name on this shoe
what is the brand of progresso soup in the can
what is the brand of the water
what is the brand of these shoes
what is the brand of this
what is the brand of this case
what is the brand of this product
what is the brand of this receiver
what is the brand of this shirt
what is the brand of this television
what is the brand of this unit
what is the brand, and especially type of this supplement
what is the brown dog doing
what is the button on the top left say
what is the buttons on the washer from left to right
what is the caller id? caller id
what is the camera pointing to
what is the can in the picture
what is the canned good item
what is the captcha
what is the captcha code
what is the captcha code on this image
what is the captcha code on this screenshot
what is the captcha image
what is the captcha in this image
what is the captcha on this image
what is the captcha on this screenshot
what is the captcha show
what is the capture challenge
what is the capture code on this page
what is the capture image
what is the captured image on this page
what is the card in my hand
what is the card number on the starbucks card
what is the card that i have in my hand
what is the card that im holding in my hand
what is the cd
what is the cem, what is the computer screen showing
what is the cereal
what is the charge on this ipod
what is the code
what is the code in my hand
what is the code in the picture
what is the code in this picture
what is the code on here
what is the code on this card
what is the code on this itunes gift card
what is the code to be typed
what is the color
what is the color and design on this shirt
what is the color and does it have any writing on it
what is the color and pattern on this bag
what is the color and status of the led
what is the color and the pattern of this shirt
what is the color for this keyboard
what is the color i have in my hand
what is the color of
what is the color of my foot
what is the color of my grandson's shirt? he is turning 10 today and i want to make sure i can take him out in public
what is the color of my shirt
what is the color of that phone
what is the color of that t-shirt, and greetings from kuwait
what is the color of that t-shirt? and greetings from kuwait
what is the color of that wall
what is the color of the box here
what is the color of the cap of this bottle
what is the color of the cat
what is the color of the chair and what is the color of the table
what is the color of the curtains
what is the color of the fat
what is the color of the glass and the frame
what is the color of the glasses and the frame
what is the color of the handle of this bag? what is the luggage tag
what is the color of the lid
what is the color of the pants? what color are these pants
what is the color of the pillow
what is the color of the sheet
what is the color of the shirt
what is the color of the sky in this picture
what is the color of the table cloth
what is the color of the top, - the top that she's wearing
what is the color of the wall in this picture
what is the color of these glasses
what is the color of these jeans
what is the color of these shorts
what is the color of this
what is the color of this blouse
what is the color of this bracelet
what is the color of this braclet
what is the color of this clothes
what is the color of this drink
what is the color of this fabric
what is the color of this flower on the book
what is the color of this garment
what is the color of this garment and style
what is the color of this glasses
what is the color of this iphone cover
what is the color of this jacket
what is the color of this laptop
what is the color of this mouse
what is the color of this phone
what is the color of this purse
what is the color of this seen
what is the color of this shirt
what is the color of this shirt, question mark
what is the color of this skirt
what is the color of this sweater
what is the color of this t-shirt
what is the color of this table
what is the color of this thing
what is the color of this top
what is the color of this wall
what is the color on the bottle
what is the color on the brand
what is the color shown in the picture
what is the color, suit, and value of this card
what is the colors contained in this
what is the common name of this leaf
what is the company of the laptop shown in the figure
what is the computer asking for
what is the computer doing
what is the computer scree showing if anything
what is the computer screen reading
what is the computer screen showing
what is the content
what is the content of this document
what is the contents contained in this bottle
what is the contents of this can
what is the contents of this? what is the contents of this bottle
what is the conventional oven instructions, temperature and number of minutes, for this frozen dinner? very much
what is the cooking directions, or what are they
what is the cooking instructions
what is the cooking instructions for this product
what is the countdown time on this timer
what is the cover of this catalog
what is the crock pot setting
what is the crockpot nob set to
what is the crockpot setting
what is the currency of this
what is the current air temperature
what is the current temperature
what is the current temperature setting on this thermostat
what is the date on the product
what is the date on this magazine
what is the date on this milk
what is the date on this product
what is the day
what is the definition for jewish
what is the degree
what is the denomination of this bill
what is the denomination of this coin
what is the denomination of this money
what is the denominator of this bill
what is the design in this sweater
what is the design of this purse
what is the design on the sweatshirt
what is the design on this gift bag
what is the design on this oreo mug
what is the design on this shirt
what is the dial set at
what is the dial set too
what is the direction of the curtain loop and why
what is the directions for italian cheesy shells, this box i am holding
what is the directions for using this, i think it's cascade gel cap dishwashing liquid
what is the directions on how to use this wart removal
what is the directions on the back of this box
what is the directions on this wart remover
what is the dog doing
what is the dosage for the robitussin
what is the dosage for this medicine
what is the dosage information for this supplement
what is the dosage of this medicine
what is the dosage on this bottle, on the label
what is the dryer set on
what is the e-mail address on this page
what is the e.q. number
what is the eleven digit number at the bottom
what is the email address on this business card
what is the engraving on the heart pin
what is the engraving on the heart pin, or the etching
what is the eq number
what is the exact label on this bottle
what is the exact name of this product
what is the expatriation date
what is the expiration date
what is the expiration date of the egg
what is the expiration date of this almond milk
what is the expiration date of this bottle of sunscreen
what is the expiration date of this bus pass
what is the expiration date of this milk
what is the expiration date of this milk carton
what is the expiration date of this sunscreen? also if you see the spf that would be nice
what is the expiration date of this sunscreen? also if you spf record that would be nice
what is the expiration date of this turkey
what is the expiration date of this yogurt
what is the expiration date on the bus pass? hopefully this is a better picture. thanks
what is the expiration date on this
what is the expiration date on this almond milk
what is the expiration date on this box
what is the expiration date on this bus pass
what is the expiration date on this can
what is the expiration date on this carton
what is the expiration date on this cheese
what is the expiration date on this cream
what is the expiration date on this cream cheese
what is the expiration date on this item
what is the expiration date on this milk
what is the expiration date on this mustard
what is the expiration date on this nose spray
what is the expiration date? what is the expiration date
what is the expiration of this bus pass
what is the expiration on this cream cheese
what is the expire date
what is the expire date on this yogurt
what is the expiring date on this cream
what is the expiring date on this yogurt
what is the expiry date
what is the expiry date on this cheese
what is the expiry date on this cream
what is the expiry date on this product? what is the barcode
what is the expiry date on this yogurt
what is the fat content of this can
what is the fcc id of this wireless deck
what is the fifth number
what is the figure on the box
what is the figure that is on this shirt
what is the figure that you see on this shirt
what is the figure you see on the shirt
what is the film called for the actor on the screen
what is the first button on the top left hand side corn to the right
what is the first key on the very far left of the top row
what is the first number
what is the five digit code
what is the five digit code, all numbers
what is the five digit number displayed
what is the flavor for this curry cup
what is the flavor for this keurig cup
what is the flavor of the product
what is the flavor of these pop tarts
what is the flavor of these pop-tarts
what is the flavor of this
what is the flavor of this bag of noodles
what is the flavor of this cat food
what is the flavor of this chobani greek yogurt
what is the flavor of this chobani yogurt
what is the flavor of this chobani yogurt? chobani is the brand not the flavor
what is the flavor of this coffee
what is the flavor of this ice cream
what is the flavor of this meal
what is the flavor of this protein powder
what is the flavor of this yogurt
what is the food
what is the fourth number
what is the frequency
what is the frequency in megahertz for this radio
what is the frequency in the display
what is the frequency in this . . . in the display
what is the frequency on the display
what is the gingerbread man in
what is the highest number
what is the hours on this download
what is the image in the captcha
what is the image in the picture
what is the image in this picture
what is the image on this paper and the colors
what is the image that is shown to you
what is the information on this card
what is the information written on this case? include product key if available
what is the instructions on this box
what is the isbn for this book
what is the isbn number for this book
what is the item
what is the item contained in the box in the picture
what is the item in the box in the picture
what is the item in the picture
what is the item in the picture and what color is it
what is the item name
what is the item number
what is the kaptcha result
what is the key on the back of this computer
what is the key on this paper say
what is the kind of this mobile
what is the label for these jars
what is the label of this din
what is the label on the bag say
what is the label on the bottle
what is the label on the glass jar in the picture? i think it's pasta sauce but i can't be sure
what is the label on the glass jar in the picture? i'm trying to figure out what is in the jar
what is the label on the spiral
what is the label on this bottle
what is the label on this bottle or what does this label say
what is the label on this bottle say
what is the label on this can
what is the label on this can? very much
what is the label on this container
what is the label on this jar
what is the label on this package
what is the label on this package? the name of the coffee
what is the label on this spice
what is the label on this tape
what is the label on this tin
what is the large can and what is the smaller can
what is the last name of this person on the business card
what is the last name of this person on this business card
what is the layout of the outside of this fridge
what is the layout of the top shelf of this refrigerator
what is the layout of this fridge
what is the layout of this room in this picture
what is the layout on this fridge
what is the letter on the wall
what is the level that this syringe is set at
what is the library card number
what is the light level in this room. how dark is it
what is the line
what is the logo on the shirt
what is the logo on this folder
what is the logo on this shirt
what is the logo on this shirt and what does it say
what is the logo on this structure
what is the logo on this vodka bottle
what is the logo? how do you stop the recording? how do you stop the
what is the lowest number
what is the mac number for this device
what is the magnitude of the current through the capacitor
what is the main color of my jacket
what is the main color of this shirt
what is the make of my refrigerator
what is the manufacture and model number of this device
what is the manufacturer and model of these headphones
what is the manufacturer and model of this device
what is the meaning of life
what is the measure of angle mar
what is the membership number of this card
what is the message on the window's screen
what is the message on this card
what is the mode set to on this air conditioner
what is the model information on this box
what is the model number
what is the model number and make of this oven
what is the model number of the computer
what is the model number on the back of this guitar
what is the model number on this fridge
what is the model number on this refrigerator
what is the model number stamped into this? i'm not able to see it
what is the model number, because this page is not accessible with voice over
what is the model of this headset
what is the model of this heat set
what is the most nutritional supplement
what is the mother of this device
what is the name and manufacturer serial number of this cctv
what is the name and what is this product
what is the name brand on this bottle
what is the name of a bird
what is the name of that
what is the name of the
what is the name of the body spray
what is the name of the bottle
what is the name of the button on top of the modem
what is the name of the button on top of this modem
what is the name of the can
what is the name of the cd
what is the name of the city
what is the name of the cologne that i took a picture of
what is the name of the color
what is the name of the dietary supplement in this bottle
what is the name of the food
what is the name of the key just to the left of the delete key
what is the name of the magazine
what is the name of the object in the picture
what is the name of the product contained in the bottle in the picture
what is the name of the product contained within the box in the picture
what is the name of the product in the bottle in the picture
what is the name of the product in the box
what is the name of the product in the can in the picture
what is the name of the product in the picture
what is the name of the story
what is the name of the supplement in this bottle
what is the name of the title of this book
what is the name of the water
what is the name of this
what is the name of this action figure
what is the name of this aftershave
what is the name of this bag
what is the name of this body spray
what is the name of this body spray? what kind of body spray is this
what is the name of this book
what is the name of this book? is this a part of the rihanna cd
what is the name of this book? thanks
what is the name of this book? what is the name of this book
what is the name of this book? what's the name of this book
what is the name of this bottle
what is the name of this bottle of red wine
what is the name of this box
what is the name of this brand
what is the name of this building
what is the name of this can
what is the name of this cd
what is the name of this cd and the disc number
what is the name of this cd and the number of the track? what, sorry, what number is the disc
what is the name of this cd with artist
what is the name of this cd? i know something's recorded on it, but i'm not sure
what is the name of this club
what is the name of this coffee can
what is the name of this cologne
what is the name of this device, the manufacturer, and the serial number
what is the name of this dietary supplement
what is the name of this disc
what is the name of this drink
what is the name of this drop
what is the name of this dvd
what is the name of this film
what is the name of this flower
what is the name of this food
what is the name of this game
what is the name of this guard dog on the label
what is the name of this item
what is the name of this k-cup
what is the name of this keurig cup, what flavor
what is the name of this keyboard
what is the name of this laundry detergent
what is the name of this list
what is the name of this lotion
what is the name of this magazine
what is the name of this meal
what is the name of this medication
what is the name of this medicine
what is the name of this monster drink
what is the name of this movie
what is the name of this ointment
what is the name of this painting
what is the name of this perfume
what is the name of this perfume sample
what is the name of this picture and what is the history
what is the name of this place
what is the name of this plant
what is the name of this product
what is the name of this product, and what weight is it
what is the name of this product? is it the akai deep penetrating max
what is the name of this product? what is the name of this product
what is the name of this sack
what is the name of this scrub
what is the name of this seasoning
what is the name of this singer
what is the name of this snack
what is the name of this song
what is the name of this story
what is the name of this talking book
what is the name of this thing and model
what is the name of this vitamin? i think it is a vitamin, thanks
what is the name of this wine
what is the name of this wine? it's year? and where, what country it's from
what is the name of this yogurt, and is it fat free or any information you can give me
what is the name of ths product
what is the name on here
what is the name on this ball cap
what is the name on this ballcap
what is the name on this bottle
what is the name on this ipod cover
what is the name on this label read
what is the name on this stocking
what is the name or the title of this book
what is the name or title of this book
what is the name, brand name, and flavor of this
what is the needle pointing to
what is the net weight of this package
what is the next size of this shirt? it should be something like sixteen and a half or seventeen
what is the number
what is the number and the chute
what is the number of the table? what is the number of the table
what is the number of this building that i've just photographed
what is the number on my library card
what is the number on the back of this card
what is the number on the building that is yupacai college in prescott arizona
what is the number on the meter
what is the number on the picture
what is the number on the screen
what is the number on this
what is the number on this barcode
what is the number on this building that i just photographed? this is yappapi college
what is the number on this card
what is the number on this disc?, have a good night
what is the number on this gauge
what is the number on this id card
what is the number on this ticket
what is the number? what is the number
what is the nutritional information on this packet
what is the nutritional value and price and different flavors that the luna bar
what is the nutritional value in these crackers
what is the object
what is the object in this image
what is the object on top of the magazine
what is the order of the buttons on the soda machine from top to bottom
what is the ounces on this box of tamales
what is the oven control temperature
what is the oven setting
what is the oven temperature
what is the oven temperature control setup
what is the oven temperature now
what is the oven temperature set at
what is the oven temperature set at in fahrenheit
what is the oven temperature setting
what is the oven temperatures setting
what is the over temperature
what is the package name
what is the painting of
what is the paper
what is the password shown in this captcha
what is the password written on this label? it is between parentheses
what is the pattern of this woman's top, and what colors are in it
what is the pattern on this pillow
what is the pattern on this place mat
what is the percentage of this download
what is the percentage of this downward
what is the person doing
what is the phone model
what is the phone number
what is the phone number for the contact center
what is the phone number on the printer
what is the phone number on the top sticker that's on the card
what is the phone number that is on this brochure? it's a toll free number
what is the photo about
what is the photo on the shirt and what does it say
what is the photo, what's the, what's the screen size
what is the picture
what is the picture about
what is the picture is off
what is the picture look like
what is the picture of
what is the picture of in the frame
what is the picture of? in other words, what is in the picture
what is the picture on that cd
what is the picture on the front of this bag
what is the picture on the gift bag
what is the picture on the wall of
what is the picture on this box
what is the picture on this box, or words
what is the picture on this box? four words
what is the picture on this box? i already know the title of the book. what is the picture
what is the picture on this cup
what is the picture on this map
what is the picture on this piece of paper
what is the picture on this shirt
what is the picture on this shirt and what does it say below it
what is the picture on this sweatshirt
what is the picture on this t-shirt
what is the picture that i took
what is the picture under the text on this card, and is it a good enough picture to put on facebook? or is there junk in the background
what is the picture, and what is the screen saying
what is the place? no, just what is it. what is it
what is the potato
what is the price
what is the price of that product
what is the price of the french fries
what is the price off this upc
what is the price on these headphones
what is the price tag
what is the print
what is the product
what is the product and it's ounces? very much
what is the product contained in the bottle in the picture
what is the product contained in the box that is in the picture
what is the product in teh container in front of me
what is the product in this bag
what is the product in this package
what is the product key for this program
what is the product name for this box
what is the product on this page
what is the product that i have in my hand
what is the product that's on the counter
what is the product, in the bottle, in the picture
what is the progress of this operation
what is the recipe on this box
what is the redemption code of this card
what is the relation between these three houses
what is the remaining balance of my account
what is the replacement for r22
what is the room temperature
what is the saying on this
what is the scenery outside? trees
what is the scent
what is the scent of this hand soap
what is the scientific name of this leaf
what is the screen saying
what is the sea creature that washed up on the shore
what is the second number
what is the security code
what is the serial number of this device
what is the serial number on the back of this mattress
what is the serial number on this piece
what is the service box
what is the service tag
what is the serving size and calorie count for this product
what is the serving size and how many calories are in this
what is the serving size for these beans
what is the serving size, and how many calories per serving
what is the setting on this crock pot
what is the setting on this drier knot
what is the setting on this dryer
what is the severing size on this label
what is the shape of the speaker
what is the shape of this cookie cutter
what is the side effects of this box
what is the size capacity of this product and is it refillable
what is the size of the shoes in this box
what is the size of this box
what is the sodium content
what is the sodium content level of this box of food
what is the sodium content of the food that's in this can
what is the sodium content of this can of food
what is the sodium content of this package
what is the sodium level in this package
what is the sodium level on this package
what is the source of this image
what is the style and color of this garment
what is the suit of this card? i think it's a two, but it's a two of what
what is the suit of this card? it's an ace of what
what is the suit of this card? it's an ace, but it's an ace of what? thanks
what is the sum of this money
what is the symbol on this wallet
what is the table number on the banquet ticket
what is the table number on this banquet ticket
what is the table number on this banquette ticket
what is the tag number
what is the taste of the pack
what is the taste of these candies
what is the telephone number on this card
what is the temperature
what is the temperature displayed on the screen
what is the temperature displayed on the thermostat
what is the temperature displayed on this thermostat
what is the temperature in the house
what is the temperature of the thermastat
what is the temperature of the thermostat
what is the temperature on the display set to
what is the temperature on the thermostat
what is the temperature on this control
what is the temperature on this oven, which is a number like in orange next to the clock
what is the temperature on this thermostat
what is the temperature set at
what is the temperature set to
what is the temperature set to on the oven
what is the temperature setting
what is the temperature setting on this thermostat
what is the temperature showing on the control
what is the temperature shown on the thermostat
what is the test
what is the text
what is the text displayed on the computer monitor
what is the text for this
what is the text on the pack
what is the text on the screen
what is the text on this item
what is the text on this screen
what is the text say in this picture
what is the the weight of this container, how many ounces is it? good day
what is the theme
what is the thermostat set at
what is the thermostat set to
what is the thermostat setting for the air conditioning on this device
what is the third number
what is the three digit verification number
what is the three-digit code
what is the time of the clock
what is the time on this display? what is the time on this display
what is the time shown on the screen
what is the title
what is the title and artist of this cd
what is the title and page number
what is the title for this audio book
what is the title for this book
what is the title of the book
what is the title of the cd
what is the title of this album
what is the title of this book
what is the title of this book? or the picture on the front of it
what is the title of this catalog
what is the title of this cd
what is the title of this disc
what is the title of this disc, disregard all boxes that might contain dvds around it
what is the title of this dvd
what is the title of this film
what is the title of this paper
what is the title of this star wars book
what is the title on this dvd
what is the title on this photo
what is the top chef question
what is the total amount
what is the total of this receipt
what is the total on this bill
what is the total wattage of this power supply
what is the tracking number
what is the tv channel
what is the tv showing
what is the two words in the box
what is the type of fiber one bar
what is the type of sexy city is this
what is the use by date on the eggs
what is the use by date on this
what is the value of this artwork
what is the value of this card
what is the value of this note
what is the value of this playing card
what is the verification image
what is the verification text in the box. the captcha
what is the view outside my bedroom window
what is the vitamin type, brand and dosage
what is the voltage of this adapter
what is the voltage on this adaptor
what is the wallpaper on this phone
what is the washing machine setting
what is the wattage of this power supply
what is the wattage on this power supply
what is the weather
what is the wireless key
what is the wireless key in this picture
what is the wireless key in this picture? what is the wireless key
what is the wireless key on this picture
what is the word capture on this picture
what is the writing on the card
what is the writing on the screen
what is the writing on the two buttons and which one is which
what is the writing on this box
what is the writing on this metal object
what is the writing on this piece of metal? it's not a speaker, i know that. i know it's not a speaker. i just need to know what the writing is on this piece of
what is the yellow dot on for a setting
what is the, what is that
what is there
what is thi- what is this
what is thick
what is this
what is this ? it seems like mayonnaise or mustard or something . tell me what this is
what is this ? what chocolate
what is this ? what is this
what is this a
what is this a bottle of
what is this a bottle of? thanks
what is this a box of
what is this a can of
what is this a card of
what is this a case for
what is this a color
what is this a console for? tell me the button controls left to right
what is this a gift card for
what is this a jar of
what is this a medal for
what is this a model of
what is this a package of
what is this a packet of
what is this a painting of
what is this a photo of
what is this a picture
what is this a picture of
what is this a picture of, and web worker
what is this a picture of? from a new user
what is this a picture of? tell me
what is this a picture of? thanks (inaudible
what is this a picture of? that's what i just asked. what is this, record question. what is this a picture of? and it's going out
what is this a picture of? thinking
what is this a picture of? what bottle
what is this a picture of? what is this a picture of - a guy with a cane in his hand
what is this a picture of? what is this a picture of? and is
what is this a picture of?what is this a picture of? a guy with a cane in his hand
what is this a receipt for? sorry about this
what is this a receipt from
what is this a recipe from
what is this a statue of
what is this a ten of
what is this a tool for
what is this an image of
what is this and can i type a question in noisy environments
what is this and does it have a flavor
what is this and does it have a flavor or description
what is this and does it have a name on it
what is this and how big is it
what is this and how can i find it
what is this and how do i prepare it
what is this and how do you cook it
what is this and how late are you going to be there tonight answering questions
what is this and how long do i cook it for
what is this and how many things are in each shelf
what is this and how many things on each shelf
what is this and how much it cost
what is this and how old is it
what is this and is it blu-ray
what is this and is it like a microwave dinner that you're supposed to microwave? okay
what is this and is it to be put in the microwave? or does it even say
what is this and see the cooking instructions
what is this and the color
what is this and the manufacturer
what is this and then push so it's in progress, they're gonna tell you what, they'll send you an answer in a few minutes. and see this is the thing
what is this and what are the directions
what is this and what are the ingredients
what is this and what brand
what is this and what color is it
what is this and what color is it and what time is it cause i was sleeping and i don't know what time it is
what is this and what color is it?, i really appreciate what you do
what is this and what do you use it for
what is this and what does it do and how do i use it. help me i just want to know what it is. and the exact model number
what is this and what does it look like
what is this and what does it say
what is this and what does it say for instructions on the box
what is this and what does it treat
what is this and what flavor is it
what is this and what is it used for
what is this and what is it's expiration date
what is this and what is on the bottle
what is this and what is recent there
what is this and what is the color
what is this and what is the creator of this product
what is this and what is the expiration date
what is this and what is the serial number
what is this and what is the weight
what is this and what is your favorite baseball team
what is this and what's its color
what is this and which brand is it
what is this and which color is it
what is this animal
what is this antique object
what is this app all about, we need to find out right now
what is this article
what is this bag
what is this bag look like
what is this bag of chips
what is this bag of food
what is this bag? and what has the picture on
what is this bag? tell what it is
what is this bank note
what is this bar code
what is this barcode for
what is this bat
what is this beer
what is this beverage
what is this big chart
what is this bill
what is this bill worth
what is this biscuit
what is this body spray called
what is this book
what is this book about
what is this book called
what is this book's title
what is this booklet about
what is this books title
what is this bottle
what is this bottle and what's the dosage if you can see it
what is this bottle in my lap
what is this bottle of
what is this bottle of detergent
what is this bottle of mobile
what is this bottle of pills
what is this bottle of seasoning
what is this bottle sitting in front of me
what is this bottle, item
what is this bottle, what is in this bottle
what is this bottle? is it a bottle of beer? and what brand
what is this bottle? or in this bottle? or what is this product
what is this bottle? what is this bottle
what is this box
what is this box and what is the side effects
what is this box for
what is this box from
what is this box of
what is this box of cookies
what is this box say
what is this box that i'm holding in front of my hand
what is this box, and are there cooking instructions
what is this box, maybe i don't have the right side up
what is this box, what is this i know its a teabag but does it say what kind it is
what is this box? i know it's pudding but what kind
what is this box? i'm not sure if i have the camera pointed to it correctly
what is this box? what does this box say
what is this box? what is in this box
what is this box? what is this box
what is this brand
what is this brand name
what is this brand of headphones they have hear? i saw the logo, the fine print but i can't read it
what is this brand of headphones? i can't read the print at all, man. exclamation point. whatever. i can't find it! what is it? because i need to buy it
what is this bubble
what is this button
what is this buy it
what is this cable for
what is this cake mix
what is this called
what is this called? what is this used for
what is this cam
what is this camera doing or this screen on this computer what is it saying now we just started it up and its not talking yet
what is this can
what is this can in my left
what is this can of
what is this can of food
what is this can of pop
what is this can of soda
what is this can of soup
what is this can of? very much for your time and help
what is this can? i'm not sure what kind of tea it is
what is this can? is it a sprite or mountain dew
what is this can? like, what is in it
what is this can? oh
what is this can? what is in this can
what is this can? what is this can
what is this candle
what is this candy bar
what is this canned good
what is this captcha
what is this captcha image
what is this captcha that is displayed on the screen
what is this capture
what is this card
what is this card be
what is this card in my hand
what is this card the queen of
what is this card? if it's a restaurant, tell me which one? yeah
what is this carton
what is this cartoon a picture of
what is this case
what is this cd
what is this cd artist and title
what is this cd called
what is this cereal
what is this chair
what is this chair made out of
what is this cheese
what is this chocolate
what is this cleaner
what is this cleaning product
what is this coin
what is this color
what is this color and pattern? there's some sort of pattern on my left chest there. describe
what is this computer doing
what is this computer model
what is this container consist of
what is this continue
what is this contraption
what is this cord
what is this correct that i have an my hand
what is this cream
what is this creature
what is this crockpot set on
what is this cup
what is this currency
what is this decongestant
what is this dessert
what is this device
what is this dial indicator pointing to
what is this dial set to
what is this dinner
what is this dinner now
what is this dish
what is this document
what is this doll
what is this dollar bill
what is this dough
what is this drink
what is this dvd
what is this earphone's brand because i can't see the print
what is this exactly
what is this fax
what is this flavor
what is this flavor of soda
what is this flight on this computer screen
what is this floor made out of
what is this food
what is this food and what is the recipe
what is this food item
what is this food package
what is this food product
what is this for
what is this for a t-shirt
what is this for in particular
what is this fox
what is this from? or, who is this from
what is this frozen dinner
what is this frozen dinner and what are the conventional oven instructions time and length of time? very much
what is this frozen dinner and what is the instructions for conventional oven temperature and number of minutes? very much
what is this fruit
what is this game
what is this gift card for
what is this green
what is this green shell
what is this guy in this photograph look like
what is this hairclip
what is this hanging on the closet door? tell me? ? write a detailed description of what it looks like. i really appreciate this. . bye
what is this hanging on the closet door? tell me? or write a detailed description of what it looks like. i really appreciate this. . goodbye
what is this hiding
what is this i am holding
what is this i don't know what it is
what is this i just took a picture of
what is this i'm holding in my hand
what is this i'm looking at
what is this identification card
what is this image
what is this in front of me
what is this in front of the camera
what is this in my hand
what is this in the bottle
what is this in the jar
what is this in the screen
what is this in this bag
what is this in this gallon jug? what's the name of it
what is this in this package
what is this in this picture
what is this instrument
what is this is can
what is this isbn number
what is this island
what is this item
what is this item and what color is it
what is this item and what is the color
what is this item including make
what is this item number
what is this item of
what is this item on the wall
what is this item or items
what is this item that the camera is pointing at? if you can see the item them tell me what it says or what you see in the picture. and don't
what is this item used for
what is this item, ? thanks you
what is this item, or seasoning
what is this item? thanks for your help
what is this item? we got a question
what is this item? what is the model number if you can see it? if you can't, tell me what you see in the picture
what is this item? what item is this
what is this item? you have to...you have to hit the record button jerry i think
what is this jar
what is this jar? i hope you can tell by the picture i took, and
what is this jar? what type of food is this
what is this jug
what is this k-cup
what is this kane
what is this keyboard
what is this kind
what is this kitten
what is this label
what is this label on the bottle say
what is this label say on it
what is this label say? i'm looking for some ear drops
what is this label saying
what is this lapel pen
what is this lapel pin
what is this leaf from
what is this little can
what is this little package
what is this logo
what is this logo on this cap
what is this lotion bottle
what is this lotion called
what is this machine
what is this machine and what are the buttons labeled as
what is this magazine
what is this magazine about
what is this magazine called
what is this mail, where is it from
what is this make and model
what is this manual for
what is this map
what is this marker
what is this meal
what is this meal and what are the cooking instructions
what is this meat
what is this medication
what is this medicine
what is this message
what is this metal square on the coffee table
what is this milk, sell by date
what is this model
what is this money
what is this movie
what is this newspaper section about
what is this nondescript object
what is this object
what is this object? i know it's a food item, but what food item is it
what is this object? ok, so i recorded a question
what is this object? what is displayed on this monitor
what is this oil lamp called
what is this on the paper
what is this on the table
what is this on this pine tree
what is this on this plate
what is this on this.. what is the label on this cover? what's the name
what is this one
what is this option? what is this? what is this
what is this package
what is this package and is there any other applications like this out there? or scanning applications that i can read money or other applications with an iphone with
what is this package and what does it contain
what is this package of
what is this package of meat
what is this packet
what is this packet say
what is this painting
what is this paper
what is this paper for
what is this particular item placed on top of the table
what is this pass
what is this pattern
what is this perfume
what is this perfume called
what is this person
what is this person wearing
what is this photo
what is this photo describing
what is this photo of
what is this photo taken of
what is this photograph of
what is this picture
what is this picture about
what is this picture frame
what is this picture i took
what is this picture of
what is this picture of that i just took
what is this picture of the keychain? not the key but the keychain
what is this picture of? in detail
what is this picture of? is that page blank
what is this picture on my shirt
what is this picture on the screen
what is this picture on the wall - this wall hanging here? tell me what this is
what is this picture on the wall of
what is this picture, this item
what is this picture? what is in this picture
what is this picture? what is this picture
what is this piece of fruit
what is this piece of mail
what is this piece of mail for and where is it from
what is this piece of paper and what is on it
what is this piece of paper appear to say
what is this piece of paper? what does it say
what is this piece x
what is this pink packet
what is this pitting
what is this place
what is this plant
what is this plate question
what is this player
what is this plug-in dongle for? it says lg on the side
what is this poster
what is this poster of
what is this pregnancy test show? one line negative or two lines positive
what is this printed on this label
what is this problem
what is this product
what is this product and how do you use it
what is this product and how to cook it
what is this product and how to use it
what is this product and what are the ingredients i need
what is this product and what color is it
what is this product in this can
what is this product key
what is this product of
what is this product, what is this product
what is this product? and that you don't even have to do that. there's two different ways and i have them both set up. a real person actually looks at it and answers you on a web place and then there's another
what is this product? describe
what is this product? i hope i finally got the french side in view
what is this product? let's see what you came up with. let me see what you came up with, i can't tell. not sure, turn around. well you have the back. you have to do the front of it
what is this product? thanks in advance
what is this product? we have been given a rather large bag of presents, birthday presents abd having difficulty identifying them
what is this product? what is this product
what is this product? what kind of can
what is this product? what's the name of this product
what is this product?, and
what is this products
what is this question
what is this ready meal package
what is this receipt about
what is this receipt about and is there a phone number
what is this recipe
what is this red wine called
what is this remote and how many buttons does it have
what is this rice
what is this right here
what is this right here that i just took a picture of
what is this rock called
what is this say
what is this saying
what is this scent from bath and body works
what is this screen
what is this screen saying
what is this screen showing
what is this screen telling me or asking me to do
what is this screensaver because the last thing it said was installing updates but then it stopped speaking to me
what is this sea creature that walked up on the beach
what is this sears and robuck 5 page fishing rod, what is the value of it
what is this season
what is this seasoning
what is this seed
what is this set on
what is this set on now
what is this set to
what is this setting set to
what is this shape
what is this shape in
what is this shirt
what is this shirt look like
what is this show
what is this show on the screen
what is this showing
what is this sig
what is this sign
what is this sign say
what is this sir
what is this small bottle
what is this snack
what is this snap
what is this soda
what is this soda called
what is this song
what is this soup
what is this soup can
what is this spaghetti sauce
what is this spice
what is this spice and what color is it
what is this stamp
what is this stand
what is this stand and what color is it
what is this statue
what is this statue of
what is this stink
what is this store
what is this study about
what is this stuff
what is this stuffed animal
what is this symbol
what is this t-shirt
what is this tablet
what is this tea
what is this teabag of. i think it's too dark to see, but
what is this tell me
what is this text
what is this that i am looking at
what is this that i am pointing at
what is this that i just took a picture of
what is this that i took a picture of
what is this that i'm holding in my hand
what is this that i'm trying to scan
what is this that is hanging on the wall? i would like to know and give me a detailed description
what is this thermostat set on
what is this thermostat temperature set at
what is this thing
what is this thing and what is the color
what is this thing in my water
what is this thing right here
what is this thing that the iphone's looking at. what really see
what is this thingee
what is this tin
what is this title
what is this tree that has grown in my yard
what is this tube
what is this tube of cream
what is this tube of creme
what is this tube of gel of
what is this tv dinner
what is this tv dinner and what flavor is it
what is this tv dinner? what flavor is it
what is this type of design on my shirt
what is this type of paraflu
what is this used for
what is this vegetable
what is this vegetable i just pulled off a tree
what is this video game
what is this view
what is this vitamin jar
what is this we taking a picture of
what is this weird thing
what is this what do i do now
what is this where
what is this windows xp error say
what is this wine
what is this wine and where does it come from
what is this wine bottle's brand name
what is this word
what is this word verification
what is this wrapper
what is this wrapping paper
what is this ziploc type product
what is this, and how much does it cost
what is this, and is it like a tv dinner to put into the microwave
what is this, and is there a name on it
what is this, and what are the instructions
what is this, and what color is it
what is this, and what color is it, and what does it say on the top? that is my question
what is this, and what is it's color, and what shape is it, and where does it belong
what is this, and what kind of soap is this
what is this, be a bit more specific
what is this, by chance
what is this, exactly
what is this, in this can
what is this, is it a bottle of sunscreen
what is this, kim
what is this, period
what is this, what is the liquid in the cup
what is this, what is this
what is this, what is this paper
what is this. what is this
what is this? all my friends are laughing
what is this? and discribe the colors
what is this? and hard workers
what is this? and is it hot
what is this? and it's saying recording, are you through recording
what is this? and then you press
what is this? and then you press this twice again to turn it off
what is this? and what color is it
what is this? and where can i get a better one
what is this? apple is very easy to use once you start using it. that's the thing, but you have to start using it. yes. its like anything, when someone first started using the computer they couldn't use it
what is this? ask him if this is tylenol
what is this? but yes i'll fold it
what is this? can i drink this
what is this? come on
what is this? comma. what does it say? question mark
what is this? describe
what is this? for your help
what is this? foreign language
what is this? how is it works? who is going to answer more question
what is this? how long do you work today
what is this? how much
what is this? i am testing this program. very much
what is this? i can take a picture of something and then it will tell me what it is. and then i ask and i'll send it and just a second
what is this? i didn't know it was recording
what is this? i don't get that i had to call. get that back to me
what is this? i don't know, i have no idea and what time is it
what is this? i guess it tells me
what is this? i mean, really
what is this? i need a brand name like aloe vera gel or something like that
what is this? i need to know what it is
what is this? i want to know
what is this? i'm taking a picture
what is this? i'm talking to my phone
what is this? i'm trying to find out if it's soup but i can't tell, thanks
what is this? is it a drug something, paraphernalia? or is it a sexual toy? or is it
what is this? is it accurate of a picture of my phone
what is this? is it barbecue or regular potato chips
what is this? is this a bottle of pop
what is this? is this beer or soda
what is this? is this the moon
what is this? it's from schwans
what is this? it's italian, speak as you can
what is this? it's italian. read as you can
what is this? it's italian. speak as you can
what is this? it's made in china and it says smart cook on it
what is this? it's medication, it's a shiny box
what is this? just ask what is that
what is this? just to test the app
what is this? mano, what is this
what is this? no, wait
what is this? nothing happened, i was
what is this? now what happens is they have, two possible. there's a qr engine with a computer that reads
what is this? oh let's see what it tells me
what is this? or who
what is this? read
what is this? read it. hope it looks better now. thanks
what is this? read what this is
what is this? see i don't know what to do cuz it don't beep to ask or record a question
what is this? see what this is? i'm testing
what is this? shut up
what is this? take a picture of something it'll tell you what it is
what is this? tell me
what is this? that sends it off to
what is this? there's a damn spider up there
what is this? they have
what is this? this doesn't work
what is this? this takes a little while to go through, but i figured it out
what is this? wait. maybe i'll wait and do that one later
what is this? what brand
what is this? what brand and what flavor
what is this? what brand is it
what is this? what cd is this
what is this? what color is this
what is this? what color of fish
what is this? what does it say
what is this? what does this say
what is this? what i have in front of me
what is this? what is in this bottle? thanks
what is this? what is it
what is this? what is that
what is this? what is this
what is this? what is this item
what is this? what is this jacket marker
what is this? what is this marker
what is this? what is this product
what is this? what is this question mark
what is this? what is this thing
what is this? what is this, could you tell me
what is this? what is this? what is this
what is this? what is this? what is this? what is this? what is this
what is this? what it is this
what is this? what item is this
what is this? what kind of food is this
what is this? what kind of game is it
what is this? what kind of purse is this
what is this? what time is in the eastern time zone
what is this? what was the answer that you got
what is this? what's this
what is this? what's this a picture of
what is this? what's this marker
what is this? whats the name of this product
what is this? who shot john kennedy? no, i took a picture of., oh, why do i
what is this? whoops
what is this? yeah, i can't it though. it vibrated. let's see. it
what is this? yeah? and then the idea is that
what is this??? but its nice
what is this?what is this
what is those
what is thought to the screen
what is thus
what is today
what is under the word fairbanks on this magnet
what is up
what is visible in the sky
what is visible on the screen
what is visible on the screen? what kind of text
what is visible on this part of the screen
what is visible on this photo
what is visible on this screen
what is what is this
what is with this list
what is written here
what is written in handwriting on the card
what is written in screen
what is written in the screen
what is written on it? still recording
what is written on that computer screen
what is written on that screen
what is written on the back of this sofa
what is written on the bottle
what is written on the coin holder around the coin
what is written on the display
what is written on the front of this shirt
what is written on the juice
what is written on the packet
what is written on the paper
what is written on the pocket
what is written on the screen
what is written on the screen of the ipad
what is written on the t-shirt
what is written on this box
what is written on this card? describe this card to me
what is written on this computer screen
what is written on this label
what is written on this package
what is written on this paper
what is written on this piece of paper
what is written on this shirt
what is written on this tube
what is written there
what is y=2x 5-2x
what is your favorite scary movie
what is your miss park
what is your name
what is your number? what is it
what is, what did i take a picture of
what is, what does this, that, label say, if you can see it
what is, what is in this box
what is, what is on the screen
what is, what is the color of this door
what is, what is this
what is, what is this plant
what is, what picture is this
what is, what pills are in this bottle
what is,what is color for this laptop
what is. what is this
what is...what is the name on this stocking
what is...what is this
what it is
what it is a
what it is set to
what it this
what it this and what color is it
what item is this
what item is this and brand
what item is this? so much in advance
what item is this? what item is this
what items are check marked on this card
what items see in this picture
what its name
what jar is this
what key is this
what keys
what kid of juice is this
what kid of tassimo coffee is this
what kind city this is
what kind f crackers are these
what kind fruit this is
what kind is it
what kind is seizing is this
what kind is this
what kind is this floor
what kind oatmeal is this
what kind of
what kind of 12 pack of soda is this
what kind of 2 liter bottle is this
what kind of a bite is this
what kind of a bottle is this
what kind of a can is this
what kind of a case is this
what kind of a cat is this
what kind of a day is it outside
what kind of a dog is this
what kind of a edict
what kind of a keurig cup is this
what kind of a meal is this
what kind of a soda is this
what kind of a soft drink is this can
what kind of a tree is this
what kind of acaundian is this
what kind of alcohol is this
what kind of almonds are these
what kind of animal is on my window
what kind of animal is this
what kind of antiseptic is this
what kind of baby food is this
what kind of baby formula is this
what kind of babyganics cleaner is this
what kind of bag is this
what kind of bagels are these
what kind of bags fit
what kind of ball is this
what kind of bar is this
what kind of bars are these
what kind of bars are these? what flavor
what kind of bath salt is this
what kind of bathing suit is this
what kind of battery is this
what kind of beans are these
what kind of beans is this
what kind of bear is this
what kind of beer
what kind of beer are these bottles
what kind of beer is this
what kind of beer might this be
what kind of berries are these
what kind of beverage is this
what kind of bike does this look like? does it look like a spider bike
what kind of bill is this
what kind of bird is this
what kind of biscuits are these
what kind of bite is this
what kind of blinds are these
what kind of body spray is this
what kind of bog is this
what kind of book is this
what kind of book is this and how thick is the book
what kind of books are on the shelf
what kind of books are on this shelf
what kind of bottle drink is this
what kind of bottle is it
what kind of bottle is this
what kind of bottle of liquor is this
what kind of box is this
what kind of box is this one
what kind of braille display is this
what kind of brand is this remote control
what kind of bread crumbs are these
what kind of bread is this
what kind of broth is in this campbell's box
what kind of broth is this
what kind of buddha is this
what kind of bug bite is this
what kind of bug is that
what kind of bug is this
what kind of buns are these
what kind of burritos are these
what kind of bush is this
what kind of butter is this
what kind of cake is this
what kind of cake mix is this
what kind of cake mix is this? and what brand
what kind of cake up is this
what kind of camera is that
what kind of camera, i mean box is this
what kind of can food is this
what kind of can good is this
what kind of can is on the table
what kind of can is this
what kind of can is this? is it pork and beans
what kind of can is this? what is in the can
what kind of can is this? what kind of drink is this, i mean
what kind of can of food is this
what kind of can of vegetables is this
what kind of candies are in this jar
what kind of candies are these
what kind of candies are this
what kind of candle is this
what kind of candy bar is this
what kind of candy is that
what kind of candy is this
what kind of canned food is this
what kind of canned good is this
what kind of canned goods is this
what kind of canned vegetables is this one
what kind of canvas or.... what kind of ... is this? for the product
what kind of car is that
what kind of car is that? what kind of car is that
what kind of car is this
what kind of card is this
what kind of carpet is this
what kind of carton is this? orange juice or milk
what kind of cartoon character is on this shirt
what kind of case is this
what kind of cat food is this
what kind of cat is it
what kind of cat is this
what kind of cd case is this
what kind of cd is this
what kind of ceiling do i have
what kind of cereal bars are these
what kind of cereal is this
what kind of chai tea is this? what brand of tea is it
what kind of chair is this
what kind of chap stick is this
what kind of chapstick is this
what kind of cheese is in this
what kind of cheese is this
what kind of chex mix are those
what kind of chicken breasts are those? in other words, what brand is that
what kind of chicken is this? is it chicken legs? chicken breasts
what kind of chips are these
what kind of chips are these, bbq or regular
what kind of chips are these? and
what kind of chips are these? and then someone in the world who works for the company writes back and says what it is. so that's kind of cool
what kind of chips are those
what kind of chips they are
what kind of chocolate bar is it
what kind of chocolate bar is this
what kind of chocolate chips are these
what kind of chocolate is this
what kind of chocolate santa is this
what kind of cigar is this?does this vibrate?i don't know
what kind of cigarette is this
what kind of cigarettes are these
what kind of cigarettes are these and are they bad for me
what kind of cigarettes are these, and are they bad for me
what kind of cleaner is this
what kind of cleaning product is this
what kind of climbing vine or plant is this
what kind of clock is this
what kind of clouds are those
what kind of coffee
what kind of coffee is this
what kind of coffee is this and is it instant or do i have to brew it
what kind of coffee is this, is this decaf or regular
what kind of coffee is this? is it flavored
what kind of coffee is this? what kind of coffee is this
what kind of coffee. what flavor is this coffee
what kind of coffeemate is this
what kind of coin is that
what kind of cologne is this
what kind of cologne is this? bottle is in new position
what kind of color and pattern of shirt this is
what kind of color and pattern this shirt has
what kind of computer is on this photo
what kind of computer is that
what kind of computer is this
what kind of condiment is this
what kind of controller is that
what kind of controller is this
what kind of cookie is this
what kind of cookies are these
what kind of cooler is that
what kind of copy is this
what kind of cornbread mix is this
what kind of cough drops are these
what kind of cough medicine is this
what kind of cough medicine is this? is it daytime or nighttime
what kind of crackers am i eating
what kind of crackers are these
what kind of cream cheese is this
what kind of cream is contained in this usher container
what kind of cream is this
what kind of cream is this? what kind of cream is this
what kind of cream soup is this
what kind of creamed soup is this
what kind of creamer is that
what kind of creamer is this
what kind of creek is this
what kind of crisps are these
what kind of crystal light packet is this
what kind of cuffs are these ? thanks
what kind of cup a noodle is this
what kind of cup is that
what kind of cup is this
what kind of cup of noodles is this
what kind of currency is this
what kind of deer was that
what kind of dell computer is this
what kind of deodorant is this
what kind of design is this sweater
what kind of detergent is this
what kind of dinner bowl is this
what kind of dinner is this
what kind of dinner is this? tv dinner, stouffers, i know it's probably stouffers but what flavor? thanks
what kind of document is this
what kind of dog
what kind of dog food is that
what kind of dog food is this
what kind of dog is he
what kind of dog is that
what kind of dog is this
what kind of dog treats are these
what kind of dog was that
what kind of dogs are these
what kind of doll is this
what kind of dollar bill is this
what kind of dr. pepper is this
what kind of dressing is this
what kind of drink is inside this can
what kind of drink is it
what kind of drink is that
what kind of drink is this
what kind of drink is this bottle
what kind of drink is this? i know the image is a little blurry
what kind of drink is this? thanks
what kind of eggnog is this
what kind of essential oil is this
what kind of exercise machine is this
what kind of faucet attachment
what kind of feed is this
what kind of filter is this
what kind of fish did i get out of the freezer
what kind of fish is that
what kind of fish is this
what kind of flavored coffee is this
what kind of flour is it
what kind of flour is this
what kind of flour is this? all purpose or self rising
what kind of flour is this? does it say bread flour
what kind of flower is this
what kind of flower is this purple flower
what kind of flowers are these
what kind of food is in this bag
what kind of food is in this can
what kind of food is it
what kind of food is on this plate
what kind of food is that
what kind of food is this
what kind of food product is this
what kind of freeze is that
what kind of fresh vegetable is this
what kind of frozen dinner is this
what kind of frozen vegetables are these
what kind of fruit
what kind of fruit is this
what kind of fruit this is
what kind of fudge is thi
what kind of fudge is this
what kind of gameboy is this
what kind of gift card is this
what kind of glasses is robert downy jr wearing
what kind of goldfish crackers are these
what kind of granola bar is this
what kind of granola bars are these
what kind of grass is this
what kind of green is this
what kind of greeting card is this
what kind of guitar is it
what kind of gum is this
what kind of gummy bears are these
what kind of gun is that
what kind of hand soap is this
what kind of hard drive is this? is it a seagate
what kind of hat is this and what color is it and what sports team does it belong to? i really appreciate it
what kind of head set is this
what kind of headphones are in this picture
what kind of headphones are these
what kind of honey is this
what kind of hot pocket
what kind of hot pocket is this
what kind of hot pockets are these
what kind of hot sauce is this
what kind of ice cream is this
what kind of insect is this
what kind of ipad is this? and what color is it in
what kind of ipad keyboard is this
what kind of ipad mini was at the gross speck center
what kind of is this
what kind of item is this? mini fans
what kind of jam is this
what kind of jello is this
what kind of jerky is this
what kind of jimmy deans breakfast sandwiches are these
what kind of juice boxes are these
what kind of juice is in the bottle
what kind of juice is in this bottle
what kind of juice is this
what kind of juice is this? is it grapefruit or orange
what kind of juice might this be
what kind of k cup
what kind of k cup coffee is this
what kind of k cup is this
what kind of k-cup is this
what kind of k-cups are these
what kind of keurig cup is this
what kind of key is this
what kind of key word it that
what kind of keyboard is it
what kind of keyboard is that
what kind of keyboard is this
what kind of keyboard is this? who makes it
what kind of keyboard was that
what kind of kool-aid is on this counter
what kind of kool-aid is this
what kind of lantern is this
what kind of laptop is that
what kind of laptop is this
what kind of laptop is this, be descriptive if you can
what kind of laptop is this? kind of be descriptive if you can
what kind of laundry detergent is this
what kind of laundry detergent, tide laundry detergent, is this
what kind of laundry soup is this
what kind of lighter is this
what kind of lime is this
what kind of line is this
what kind of lip gloss is this
what kind of liquor is this
what kind of little package is this
what kind of lizard is that
what kind of logging tool is this
what kind of lotion is this
what kind of lunchable is this
what kind of m
what kind of machine is this
what kind of machine is this, and who makes it
what kind of mandolin is this
what kind of marie calender dinner is this
what kind of marijuana is this
what kind of matters in this is
what kind of mayonnaise is this and who makes it
what kind of meal is this
what kind of meat is in this package
what kind of meat is it? is this chicken or sausage oer what sort of meat
what kind of meat is this
what kind of medication is in this bottle
what kind of medication is this
what kind of medicine is this
what kind of meds are these
what kind of menu is this shown on the television
what kind of metal is this
what kind of microphone is this
what kind of milk is it
what kind of milk is this
what kind of mints are these
what kind of mix is this
what kind of mobile phone is this
what kind of monitor is this
what kind of motor oil is this
what kind of mountain dew is this
what kind of mouse is this
what kind of mr clean is this
what kind of muffin is this
what kind of mug is this
what kind of multi-tool is this
what kind of multipurpose sprayer is this
what kind of mushroom are these and are they edible
what kind of mushroom is this
what kind of mushroom is this? is it poisonous or edible
what kind of mushrooms are these
what kind of nectar is this
what kind of noodles are these
what kind of note is that
what kind of number is that on the frequency
what kind of nuts are these
what kind of oatmeal is that
what kind of oatmeal is this
what kind of oatmeal is this and
what kind of object is this
what kind of ointment is in this tube
what kind of ointment is in this tube? is there a name for it
what kind of ointment is this
what kind of orange juice is this
what kind of oreos are these
what kind of package is this
what kind of packet is that
what kind of paint is this
what kind of pan is this
what kind of panasonic phone is this, what model
what kind of pants is that
what kind of pasta is in this frozen meal box
what kind of pasta is this
what kind of pasta-roni is this? guess what
what kind of pastries are these
what kind of path is this
what kind of pattern and the color the shirt is this
what kind of pattern is on my pants
what kind of peanut butter is this
what kind of pee is this
what kind of pen is this
what kind of peppers is these
what kind of perfume is this
what kind of perfume is this? does it say the brand
what kind of phone is that
what kind of phone is this
what kind of phone is this that asks you to record a question but hasn't turned on yet
what kind of piano appears in the image i am sending
what kind of pickles are in this jar
what kind of pickles are these
what kind of picture is this
what kind of pie is this
what kind of pill is this
what kind of pills are in this bottle
what kind of pills are in this pill bottle
what kind of pills are these
what kind of pills are they
what kind of pipe tobacco is in this can in front of me
what kind of pizza
what kind of pizza is this
what kind of pizza rolls are these
what kind of pizza rolls are these? i hope this picture works again
what kind of pizza rolls are these? i moved the camera a little farther this time
what kind of pizza rolls on these
what kind of plant is in that pot
what kind of plant is this
what kind of plants are these
what kind of poison is this
what kind of pop can is this
what kind of pop is in this can
what kind of pop is inside this can
what kind of pop is that
what kind of pop is this
what kind of pop is this can
what kind of pop tarts are these
what kind of pop-tarts are these
what kind of popcorn is this
what kind of popcorn is this, and the flavor
what kind of popsicle is this
what kind of pot is this
what kind of pot pie is this
what kind of potato chips are these
what kind of potatoes are these
what kind of potatoes are those. oh
what kind of price of dinner is this
what kind of pringles are these
what kind of printer is this
what kind of product is this
what kind of product is this, or what is the name of it
what kind of product is this? what kind of simmer sauce is this
what kind of progresso soup is this
what kind of pudding is this
what kind of purse is this
what kind of radio is this
what kind of ram is this
what kind of ramen noodles are these
what kind of remote controller is this
what kind of rice crispy treat is this
what kind of rice is in this box
what kind of rice is this
what kind of ring is this
what kind of rock or mineral is this here
what kind of salad dressing is this
what kind of salad is this
what kind of salsa is this
what kind of sam adam's is this
what kind of sandwich is this
what kind of sauce is this
what kind of sausage is this
what kind of seasoning is this
what kind of seed is this
what kind of seed is this? from what tree
what kind of seed packet is this
what kind of shampoo is that
what kind of shampoo is this
what kind of shampoo is this and how many ounces
what kind of shaving cream is this
what kind of sheet is this
what kind of ships they are
what kind of shirt am i wearing
what kind of shirt do i have and what color is it
what kind of shirt is this
what kind of shirt is this? is it hollister, abercrombie, or what kind is it
what kind of shoe do i have and what color is it? and what size is it
what kind of shoe is this
what kind of shoe is this, and what color is it
what kind of shoes are these
what kind of snack is this
what kind of snacks are these
what kind of snake is this
what kind of soap is this
what kind of soap is this, is it body soap or hair shampoo
what kind of soda is in that can
what kind of soda is in this box
what kind of soda is that
what kind of soda is this
what kind of soda is this you guys are doing a great job
what kind of soda is this? and so much for your time in answering
what kind of soda is this? it didn't work
what kind of soda is this? what kind of soda is this
what kind of soda pop
what kind of sodapop
what kind of soft drink is in my hand
what kind of soft drink is this
what kind of soft drink is this can
what kind of software or program is this
what kind of soup is in this can
what kind of soup is this
what kind of soup is this? for example chicken noodle
what kind of soup is this? hope this works
what kind of soup is this? i hope it works this time
what kind of soup is this? in a second it will be ready and then i can send it to a variety of place. one is kind of an automatic web thing that tries to figure it out. one is bunch of people. i'm not sure where they are
what kind of soup is this? now it will take a minute for that to get processed, and then i'll be able to send my question. i choose where i send it to. there is a web based
what kind of soup is this? thanks
what kind of soup it this
what kind of soup was that
what kind of spaghetti sauce is in the jar
what kind of spaghetti sauce jar is this
what kind of speaker is this
what kind of speaker is this and how many speakers are there
what kind of speakers is this
what kind of special k bars are these
what kind of spice is in this spice packet
what kind of spice is this
what kind of spider is this
what kind of spray bottle is this
what kind of spray is this
what kind of squash is this
what kind of stone is this on this ring
what kind of string cheese is this
what kind of strings is these, thanks
what kind of stuff is this
what kind of sugar is this
what kind of suit make is this
what kind of supplement is this
what kind of sweetener is this
what kind of sweetener is this? hope this is better. thanks
what kind of sword is this
what kind of system is this
what kind of t.v. dinner is this? hope it works this time
what kind of table is this and what color
what kind of tablet is this
what kind of tablets are these? are they pain killers
what kind of taco is this
what kind of taquitos are these
what kind of tassimo coffee is this
what kind of tea is in this box
what kind of tea is that
what kind of tea is this
what kind of tea is this? let's hope this one works. i'm really bad at taking pictures
what kind of tea is this? what kind of tea is this
what kind of tea or coffee is this
what kind of technology does this hair straightener use to heat the ceramic plates
what kind of tequila is this
what kind of thing it is
what kind of tic tacs are these
what kind of tile would go good with this color
what kind of tomatoes are in this can
what kind of tomatoes are these
what kind of tool is this, or what would this tool be used for
what kind of toothpaste is this
what kind of top is this
what kind of top, what kind of soup is this, or can
what kind of toppings are on this pizza
what kind of tosimo coffee is this
what kind of tossimo coffee is this
what kind of toy is this
what kind of tracing is this
what kind of trail mix are these
what kind of tree bark is this? what kind of tree is it from
what kind of tree drops this? what kind of tree drops this
what kind of tree is that
what kind of tree is this
what kind of tuna is this
what kind of tv dinner is this
what kind of tv dinner is this and it's not cheese enchilada
what kind of tv dinner is this? i know it's stoffer's but what flavor? thanks
what kind of tv do i have? and what is underneath it
what kind of tv is that
what kind of tv is this
what kind of twelve pack of soda is this
what kind of unknown: tossamo? coffee is this
what kind of usher cream is contained in this container
what kind of vegetable can is this
what kind of vegetable is this
what kind of vegetables are these
what kind of vehicle is this i am in
what kind of vent is that
what kind of vitamins are these
what kind of waffles are these
what kind of wallflower is this
what kind of watch is this
what kind of water bottle is this, and where can i buy the water
what kind of water is this
what kind of weed is this
what kind of weiners are these
what kind of wine am i looking at
what kind of wine do i have
what kind of wine do i have here
what kind of wine does this look like
what kind of wine is this
what kind of wine is this and is it white or red
what kind of wine is this and is this white or red wine
what kind of wine is this? like rioja, or cabernet, or something like that
what kind of wine is this? the year, the country, and the style
what kind of wine is this? what wine is it
what kind of wine? thanks
what kind of wolfgang puck coffee is this
what kind of word is this
what kind of wrapping paper is this
what kind of write is this
what kind of yoghurt is this
what kind of yogurt flavor is this
what kind of yogurt is this
what kind of yogurt is this? ad worker
what kind of yogurt is this? what flavor
what kind of, what dinner is this? i know it's a marie callendar, i believe, but what flavor is it
what kind of, what is in the can
what kind of, what is this picture
what kind of, what kind of flower is this
what kind of, what kind of lizard is that
what kind of--what kind of pop is this
what kind spice is this
what kinda chips are these
what kinda of soda is this
what kinda soda is this
what kinda soup is this
what kinda tea is this
what kinda wine is this
what king of dog is this
what knot is this
what label is on this bottle
what label is on this can
what language and subtitle information is on this dvd
what language is currently selected
what language is this
what languages and subtitles are included on this dvd
what leg is this
what letter is on this box
what letter is this
what letters am i supposed to enter in to claim the prize
what letters do i enter in to win the prize
what letters do i enter to win the prize
what letters do i have to type in to win the prize
what letters do i need to type in to claim the prize
what letters do i need to type in to win the prize
what letters do i type in to claim the prize
what letters do i type in to win
what letters do i type in to win the prize
what letters do i type to win the prize
what letters. what letters do i type in to win the prize
what liquid is in this cup
what logo could this be
what logo does this represent
what logo is on this t-shirt
what logo is this
what logo is this question mark
what machine is this
what made you this
what magazine is this
what make amd flavor of coffee is this
what make and flavor coffee is this
what make and flavor is this coffee
what make and flavor is this coffee or tea
what make and flavor of coffee is this
what make and model is that earpiece
what make and model is this computer
what make and model is this router
what make and model is this washer and dryer combination
what make and or model is this computer
what make are these sausages
what make is that tv
what make is this
what make is this computer
what make is this laptop
what make of car is this
what make watch is it
what make, model, and year of car is this emblem off of
what manual is that? did it stop recording
what mate is this
what material is this shirt
what me code? does this have an expiry date
what meal is this
what meat is in this box
what meat is this
what meat is this? is it ham, or is it turkey
what medication is in this box
what medication is this
what medication is this bottle
what medicine bottle is this
what medicine is in this bottle
what medicine is it
what medicine is that
what medicine is this
what menu is being displayed on the screen
what message is being displayed on the screen
what microwave dinner is this and how long do i cook it for
what microwave dish is this
what might this be
what milligrams is this
what mineral is this
what moat is this
what mode is this washing machine set to
what model blackberry is this
what model is it
what model is laptop
what model is the tv
what model is this
what model is this keyboard
what model is this laptop
what model is this radio and what year was it used
what model of guitar is it
what model of noah weather radio is this model
what model of phone is this
what model of stereo is this
what model printer is this
what month does this item expire
what mote the fish
what motive is on this t-shirt
what movie
what movie does this say
what movie is this
what movie is this and does it say blue ray
what movie is this and is it blu-ray
what movie is this poster for
what movie is this? what movie is this
what much is it
what multicolors are there in the shirt, is there yellow
what musical instrument is this
what name
what name do you see in this video
what name is
what name is on this card
what name is this flower
what name is this part of this video
what nascar driver is this
what newspaper is this
what night is this
what noise is this
what note is it
what note is it? how many
what note is this
what number
what number display
what number does this say
what number in on this cd
what number is displayed
what number is on the cd
what number is on the digital display
what number is shown
what number is the needle point to
what number is the needle pointing to
what number is this
what number is this bill
what number is this button on
what number is this gauge set on
what number is this needle pointing to
what number is this playing
what number is this temperature
what number on this tray
what number or letter in the picture
what numbers are displayed
what numbers are marked on this ticket
what numbers are on my lock right now
what numbers are on the display
what numbers are on the screen after idhold
what numbers are on this piece of paper
what numbers do you see
what object is this
what object is this and what color is it
what object is this? what object is this? it's in progress. it's in progress. the object, the color
what object is this? what object is this? what object is this? what object is this? what object is this? what object is this
what object see on this table
what objects are on the desk in front of me? very much
what ointment is in this bottle
what option is highlighted? is there a way, does it say how to change options, change what's highlighted? i'm trying to switch to usb, flash drive
what options are listed on this atm in order from upper left, lower left, upper right, lower right
what options are offered on this menu
what options are on my screen
what options are on the screen
what options if any are on the screen
what order did the controls appear in low-high warm or high-low warm
what other colors are in the skirt besides black
what package is this
what package is this, and of you can see the picture, does it tell you how long to microwave it
what packet is this
what packet of crystal light is this
what packet of food is this
what page is this
what page is this and how much of the page is visible
what page is this and tell me if it is upside down or right side up
what page is this in the book
what page is this. and tell me if it's upside down or right side up
what page number do you see
what page number is displayed
what page number is displayed on here
what page number is displayed on this page
what page number is here
what page number is it this for
what page number is on this page
what page number is this
what page number is this above
what page number is this book
what page number is this bowl
what page number is this, and is the text inverted
what page number is visible
what page number is visible on this page
what page number's visible
what page numbers displayed on this paper
what painting is this
what park is this
what part of a body is this
what part of the eye are shown here
what part of the set up is this at? is it at the login screen or the set up wizard
what pattern in on this table cloth
what pattern is this blanket
what percentage is this alcohol
what percentage off is this coupon
what perfume
what perfume is this
what person is this? i know it's a career statistic season, but who
what picture did i take? and of what
what picture do you see
what picture is on this pack and what does this card say
what picture is on this t-shirt
what picture is the photo
what picture is this
what piece of meat do i have out
what piece of meat have i taken out of the freezer
what pills are in this bottle? what kind of pills
what pills are these
what pizza is this
what plant is this
what plaque is this
what player is this
what pop is this
what popcorn is this
what popsicle is this
what ports do i have on my mac
what position on the clock is simmer for this stovetop setting
what poster is this
what precisely see in this photo
what prescription is this
what prices are on this sign
what princess is this
what print is that bag
what product is in this bottle
what product is in this box
what product is in this can
what product is in this container
what product is that
what product is this
what product is this ? and
what product is this and
what product is this and manufacturer
what product is this and thankyou
what product is this and what ingredients do i need
what product is this made by
what product is this, ? and
what product is this, and
what product is this, including brand name if possible
what product is this? and
what product is this? is it moisturizing lotion
what product is this? what food product is this
what product is this? what is this
what product is this? what is this frozen food item
what product is this? what kind of simmer sauce is this
what product is this? what product is this
what products is this
what program number is on the display
what quarter is this
what question, what answer. sorry, what options are available to me
what radio frequency is my radio tuned to
what radio is this? what type of radio is this? and what brand of radio is this
what radio station is displayed on the screen
what read on this box
what record album is this
what record album is this and hear my question
what record meal
what restaurant
what result does this pregnancy test show
what room is this
what room number is that
what room number is this
what rumanian car logo is this
what sandwich flavor is this? i know it's a sandwich, what flavor is it
what sandwich is this
what sandwiches do they have
what sauce is this
what scent
what scent is this
what scent is this bar
what scent is this deodorant
what scent is this lotion
what scent is this scentsy bar
what scent is this soap
what scent of body wash is this
what scent of soap is this
what scent, what fragrance is this
what scentsy bar is this
what schwan's dinner is this
what screen of windows is this because i cannot tell
what season is it
what season is this
what seasoning is this
what seasoning spice is this
what see
what see from this view
what see here
what see in the painting
what see in the picture
what see in the picture what see in the picture
what see in this photo
what see in this picture
what see in this picture of the beach in florida
what see in this picture? thanks
what see on that keyboard? what see on that keyboard
what see on the image
what see on the picture
what see on this picture
what see on this screen
what see on this tv screen
what see outside this window
what seed is this
what sent
what sent is this
what setting do i have this dial pointing at
what setting do i have this dial set at
what setting is the dial on
what setting is this
what setting is this crockpot set to
what setting is this set for
what shade of blue is this
what shade of brown is this
what shade of grey is this
what shade of red is this bag
what shape is this
what shape would say the clouds were in
what shirt am i wearing
what shirt is this
what shirt is this and what color is it
what shirt is this? what does it say
what shop is this bag
what short is it
what should i say when somebody is asking me what kind of phone i have
what should we eat for lunch
what show is on tv
what show is this
what show me what is in the screen
what shower gel is this
what side do i turn the oven off? is it the left side or the right side of the oven? on the flat panel
what side will turn off the oven? is it the left side or the right side to turn off oven
what sign is this
what size and wattage is the color for the bulb
what size are these
what size are these diapers
what size are these gloves
what size are these jeans
what size balding wattage is this
what size clothing is this
what size diapers are these
what size does the tag say the pants are
what size is my brass
what size is my breast
what size is the product and does it zip
what size is this
what size is this and what color is it
what size is this item
what size is this rugby league jacket
what size is this shirt
what size is this sweater
what size is this t-shirt
what size is this tee shirt or singlet
what size jump drive this is
what size measuring cup is this
what size micro sd card is this ? . have a nice day
what size of cereal is this box
what snack is this
what snake is this
what so you see in this photo
what soap brand is this
what soap is this
what soda is this
what soda is this? question mark
what software is this and read any serial number if you can see one
what software is this, and read any serial number if you can see one
what software title is this
what song is this
what sort of baby food is this? very much
what sort of chicken is this
what sort of chocolate is this
what sort of chocolates are these
what sort of cleaner is this
what sort of drink is this
what sort of entree is this
what sort of insect bite is this
what sort of keurig disc is this
what sort of macadamia nuts are these
what sort of question should i ask
what sort of rice is this
what soup is this
what source is this
what space is this
what species of dinosaur is this
what species of dog is this
what species of mushroom is this
what specific species is this dinosaur
what specifically is on this card, and is it right side up or upside down
what spice is that
what spice is this
what spices are these
what spray bottle is this
what stage is this computer in. is it restarting still
what stage is this computer in? is it restarting still or is it trying to sort out the hard drive and scan disk or is it fully booted up and on the desktop
what state is this computer in? is it restarted still? is it trying to sort out its hard drive and scan disk or is it fully booted up on the desk top
what stone is this
what store is this
what style are these
what style of beer is this and what brand
what sugar is this
what supplement is this
what sweets are these
what t-shirt am i wearing
what t-shirt is this
what tablet size is it
what tablets are these
what tea is this
what team is it
what team is that for
what team is this hat for
what team logo is this
what tell me about these shoes
what tell me about this box
what tell me about this picture
what tell me about this t-shirt what is on it
what temperature and how long do i cook this for
what temperature displayed on this thermostat
what temperature do i have this toaster oven set on
what temperature does it look like
what temperature does this thing read
what temperature is displayed on the thermostat
what temperature is displayed on this thermostat
what temperature is it and what temperature is the thermostat showing
what temperature is my air conditioner set at
what temperature is my oven at
what temperature is my thermostat set to
what temperature is on the thermostat
what temperature is selected
what temperature is showing on the display
what temperature is shown on the display
what temperature is shown on the display, and what are the two left and right set of controls
what temperature is that set to
what temperature is the
what temperature is the dial set to
what temperature is the oven
what temperature is the oven set at
what temperature is the oven set to
what temperature is the oven? let me know if you heard this question
what temperature is the thermostat set
what temperature is the thermostat set on
what temperature is the thermostat set to
what temperature is this
what temperature is this blade on this control
what temperature is this cooked at
what temperature is this dial set to
what temperature is this dial set too
what temperature is this oven
what temperature is this oven set for
what temperature is this oven set on
what temperature is this oven set to
what temperature is this set at
what temperature is this set to
what temperature is this thermometer on
what temperature is this thermostat set to
what temperature level is this crock pot set for? high or low
what temperature's displayed on this thermostat
what text and picture is on the bottle
what text appears on my insulin pump screen or is it too hard to see
what text is on my computer screen
what text is on my computer screen in this image, if any
what text is on my screen
what text is on the cd cover and are there any photos? and give me a description of them
what text is on the laptop screen
what text is on the pack
what text is on the screen
what text is on this label
what text is on this page
what text is written on this screen
what text what text read in this photo
what the car
what the color
what the color is
what the color of this clothes
what the colors of this shirt, and what does the logo say
what the does the sky look like
what the fuck is this
what the heck is growing on the side of my house
what the heck is that
what the hell is that
what the name of the phone and the model
what the name of this cd
what the name of this medicine. and for what used
what the scale says
what the screen says
what the screen says. because i'm reinstalling windows and i'm an end-user. the last time i had someone read it out and say it was twenty minutes left
what the temperature on this silly thermostat
what these
what they write in the sign? what they write in the sign
what thing
what thing is this
what things are in this can
what things are on this menu
what this
what this box
what this can
what this card is
what this color
what this is
what this is because i think it's coffee but i can't tell. it feels like coffee from the shape of the jar
what this is picture
what this is say
what this is? what is this
what this photo
what this student planner
what this that picture
what this? what this
what this? what's this marker
what three letter do i type to win the prize
what three letters do i type in to win
what three letters do i type in to win the prize
what time does it say, on my set top box
what time does the clock say
what time does the display on the stove say
what time does the watch say
what time does this say
what time is it
what time is it and what kind of clock is it
what time is it in the photo
what time is it now
what time is it on my set top box--on my silver thing
what time is it on the watch
what time is it right now? if you can't read it, tell me the time
what time is it, and what is the temperature at it's annal
what time is it, and what is your favorite football team
what time is it? and, what's the temperature in dallas texas
what time is it? i can't - i don't have my phone close because it's plugged in. what time is it
what time is it? i need to know now. i need to know now. what time is it
what time is it? i need to know now. what time is it? tell me
what time is it? if you can't read it tell me what time it is? just from your clock
what time is it? what time is it
what time is on my cellphone
what time is on my phone
what time is on the face of the clock
what time is this
what time is this appointment, on the sixth of march next year
what time is this play
what time on a clock face is 450 degrees
what time, what time is it in eastern daylight time
what tin of food is this
what title is it
what title is this
what tongue is this
what tool do i have to use to jailbreak iphone 4s using ios 6
what toppings are on this pizza? is it a pepperoni pizza, is it pepperoni and sausage, is it a supreme
what track is this
what tree is this from
what truck is that
what tube is this
what tv dinner is this
what tv set is this
what tv show is this
what tv show is this that i'm watching
what tweet is this
what two items are checkmarked on this card
what type fo drink is that
what type is of this mug
what type is this
what type is this? what type of tobacco is this
what type of
what type of ........ is this
what type of aftershave is that
what type of animal is that? i know it's blue, but what type of animal
what type of animal is this
what type of apple is this
what type of arrowhead is this
what type of baby food is this
what type of bag is this
what type of battery is this
what type of beans are this
what type of beer is this
what type of bill do i have
what type of bird is this? and the colors in it
what type of body spray is this
what type of bottle is that
what type of bottle is this
what type of bottle is this, the brand
what type of bottle is this? the brand
what type of brand is this thing
what type of bread is this
what type of broth is this
what type of burger is in this box
what type of burritos are these
what type of can is this
what type of can soda is this
what type of candy is this
what type of canned food is this
what type of canned good is this
what type of captain morgan is this
what type of car is this
what type of card is this
what type of cat is this
what type of caterpillar is this
what type of cd is this
what type of cereal is this
what type of champagne is that
what type of cheese is this
what type of chicken is this
what type of chips are these
what type of chips are this
what type of chocolate bar is this
what type of chocolate is this
what type of cigarettes are these
what type of cleaner is this
what type of coffee is this
what type of cologne is this
what type of condom is this
what type of cookies are these
what type of cough drops
what type of crab fish fillets are these? what brand
what type of currency is this
what type of curry cup is this
what type of deodorant is this
what type of deodorant is this and what's the color of the lid
what type of dessert is this
what type of dinner is this
what type of dinner is this? what does the box say
what type of dog do you think this is
what type of dog is it
what type of dog is this
what type of doritos are these
what type of drink is that
what type of drink is this
what type of drink is this and is there anything left in the bottle
what type of drink is this? this is an app called biz wiz. you take a picture and like. i don't know why it's going so slow
what type of drinks can i make with this
what type of earl is this
what type of essential oil is this? i think it might be grapefruit
what type of eye drop is this
what type of floor covering
what type of flower is this
what type of food
what type of food is this
what type of food is this? what does the box say
what type of food is this? what is the name of it? tell me
what type of fruit is this
what type of fruit is this? what brand is it and what is the net weight
what type of gatorade is this
what type of glass is this
what type of grass is this
what type of guitar is this
what type of guitar is this? type of guitar
what type of gum is this
what type of gum is this? what type of gum is this
what type of hamburger helper is this
what type of headphones is this
what type of headset is this
what type of horse
what type of hot chocolate is this
what type of hot pockets are these
what type of icing is this
what type of insect is this
what type of iphone case is this
what type of item is this
what type of jar is this
what type of jello is this
what type of jello pudding is this
what type of jerky is this
what type of juice is this
what type of k cup is this
what type of kashi tv dinner is this
what type of kcup is this, coffee or tea? and what flavor
what type of keurig cup is this
what type of keurig is this
what type of key
what type of keyboard is this
what type of kleenexes are those
what type of label is this and what does it say
what type of label is this and what is on the front of these papadoms
what type of laundry detergent is this
what type of lotion is this
what type of macaroni is this
what type of magazine is this
what type of mail is this
what type of mccains meal is this
what type of meal is this
what type of meat is this
what type of medication is this
what type of medicine is in this bottle
what type of medicine is this
what type of milk is this
what type of modem is this
what type of money is this
what type of motif is on this t-shirt
what type of mouse is this
what type of mouse is this on the imac
what type of mouthwash is this
what type of muesli bars are these
what type of musical instrument is this
what type of nail is this
what type of native american basket is this
what type of nuts are in this package
what type of nuts are these
what type of of pan is this
what type of package is this
what type of packet of tobacco is this
what type of pasta sauce is in this jar
what type of pepper is this
what type of phone is this
what type of picture is on this t-shirt
what type of pill is this
what type of pills are in this bottle
what type of pills are these
what type of pizza is this
what type of plant is that
what type of plant is this
what type of plant is this that is growing in my garden
what type of pop is this
what type of popcorn is this? what is the flavour or whatever information does it give on the box
what type of printer is it
what type of printer is this
what type of radio is this? if you can see the screen, what is the frequency of the station? and anything else you can see from it
what type of scanner is this
what type of sea salt is this
what type of see saw is this
what type of seed am i holding in my hand
what type of seeds are these? a flower, a vegetable? if it's a flower, which flower? if it's a vegetable, which vegetable
what type of shampoo is this
what type of shampoo is this? it should be teatree
what type of skin lesion is this
what type of snack is this
what type of soda is in this bottle
what type of soda is in this can
what type of soda is this
what type of soda is this? that was funny. that was really funny
what type of soup is htis
what type of soup is this
what type of spaghetti sauce is this? in this jar
what type of speakers are these
what type of spice is this
what type of stone is this
what type of sugar is this
what type of tablets are these
what type of tea is this
what type of tile is this
what type of tissues are these
what type of tobacco is this
what type of tomatoes do i have
what type of tool is this
what type of tree does this leaf come off of
what type of tree is this
what type of tv dinner is this
what type of tv is this
what type of vegetable is this
what type of vegetable is this? what type of vegetable is this
what type of vegetables are these
what type of vitamin is this
what type of vitamins are these
what type of water is this
what type of water is this? what brand of water is this and what brand of water do you have where you are? and what time is it
what type of water is this? what brand of water is this? and what water brand do you have where you are? and what time is it
what type of wine is this
what type of wipes are these
what type of wood is this
what type of wood table is this
what type of wrapping paper is this
what type of yogurt is this? thanks in advance. appreciate that
what type of, brand of fish is this
what type or flavor of coffee is this
what type, and brand is this deodorant
what types and colors of clouds are in this picture
what types of batteries does this take
what types of cheese are these
what types of clouds are in this picture
what types of flowers are these
what types of seeds are these
what variety is this meal
what variety of wine is this
what vegetable is this
what vegetables are these
what vehicle is this
what veniburg old letters in picture
what video camera is this
what video game is being played
what video game is it, and how much do you think it's worth
what video game is this
what video game is this and what for what system is it
what video game is this one
what video game is this? and what model is it
what video is this
what vitamin is this
what vitamin pack is this
what vocab word is in number one
what vocab words should i put in the blanks
what voice is this
what voltage and wattage are on this power supply
what was in the bag
what was in this box
what was it written the paper
what was my first dog called
what was on that page? i did not hear your or i did not understand the response
what was on the table
what was that
what was that item
what was that item i just took a picture of
what was that object
what was that that i just took a picture of
what was the date
what was the object i just took a picture of
what was the picture
what was this
what was this a picture of
what was this cassette tape
what was this girl doing
what was used to make this
what wash cycle do i have this on
what website am i at
what website is this
what website would i go to help out with this? i would to be a part of this
what week is this? not sure if you'll be able to tell or not
what what bill is this
what what color is this purse
what what is it
what what kind of beans are these
what what kind of drink is this
what what what color is my dog
what whats the color
what whiskey is this
what will i do tomorrow
what window screen do you see on my computer monitor
what wine am i looking at
what wine is this
what word is this
what words are in the image
what words are on this shirt
what would help me fetch that
what would this nail have been used for
what writing is shown on this meter
what year is this
what year is this beer
what year is this pontiac
what you can see in this picture, what is it
what you see
what're the buttons on this printer
what's . . . what's this money
what's ... in this label
what's a hutch
what's a scallywag? scallywag? what's a scallywag, scallyway
what's a type of setting on the thermostat
what's assisting
what's behind the door
what's being displayed on my screen
what's being displayed on the screen
what's being displayed on the screen right now
what's color
what's currently being displayed on the tv screen
what's currently on the computer screen
what's displayed on the screen and what's the highlighted option
what's for how long d i cook this in the microwave
what's for lunch today
what's going on in the game
what's going on on the 405
what's going on on the computer screen
what's going on on the screen
what's highlighted in this dialog box
what's highlighted right now and is there an option to boot from a usb flash drive somewhere
what's his name
what's is this
what's is this item
what's it say to put this on? how many minutes
what's making this
what's model, telephone
what's my finger pointing to? what's that
what's my slow cooker timer set at
what's north package
what's number on top left? five digit
what's our school mascot
what's outside the window
what's printed on this shirt
what's showing on my computer screen
what's side is this
what's spice is this
what's that
what's that brand name say? i'd like to know what company made that stereo
what's that color
what's that object
what's that on the wall
what's that paper say
what's that picture of
what's that? what is this
what's that? who's that
what's the
what's the 5 digit number on the top left corner? thanks
what's the amount of this currency
what's the amount that goes into the nickle holder piece
what's the answer
what's the box
what's the brand of these shoes
what's the brand of this calculator
what's the brand of this chocolate
what's the brand of this shampoo
what's the brand of this soda
what's the breed of my dog
what's the capture of
what's the capture words
what's the cd that the camera's pointing at? it's an xbox cd, but i don't know what cd it is
what's the cell phone number on this card
what's the characters in this picture
what's the color
what's the color for the cc
what's the color for this computer
what's the color for this iphone? is it black or white
what's the color for this item
what's the color for this item? black or white
what's the color for this keyboard
what's the color for this laptop
what's the color if this jumper
what's the color of her shirt
what's the color of shirt
what's the color of the animal
what's the color of the dog
what's the color of the handle on this bag
what's the color of the pants and the shirt
what's the color of the tee shirt
what's the color of this
what's the color of this cap
what's the color of this case
what's the color of this dress
what's the color of this frock
what's the color of this jacket. thanks
what's the color of this shirt
what's the color of this table cover
what's the computer screen say
what's the content of this package
what's the content of this screen
what's the contents in this tin
what's the cooking measurements and instructions
what's the cost on the tag
what's the crock pot setting
what's the date of this paper
what's the date on these eggs
what's the date on this paper
what's the date under
what's the denomination of this bill
what's the design in this sweater
what's the design in this weather
what's the difference between these two cards
what's the directions
what's the dosing instructions for this medicine
what's the email on this page
what's the emblem on the shirt
what's the error message on my screen
what's the exit
what's the expatriation date on this chicken
what's the expiration date
what's the expiration date on the milk
what's the expiration date on this
what's the expiration date on this mayonnaise
what's the expiration date on this milk
what's the expiration date on this non dairy cheese
what's the expiration date on this nondairy cheese
what's the expiration date on this soup
what's the expiration on this mayonnaise
what's the five digit number
what's the five digit number of the top left corner
what's the five digit number on the top left corner
what's the five digit number on the top right corner? thanks
what's the five digit number on top left corner
what's the flavor
what's the flavor of this coffee
what's the full name of the brewer, and the name of this beer
what's the full name of this beer
what's the general theme of these books? thanks
what's the general topics of these books
what's the good in the picture
what's the headline that i just pictured
what's the information on this label
what's the instructions on this box
what's the instructions on this oatmeal bag
what's the item
what's the kitty look like
what's the label on this box
what's the label on this jar
what's the label on this tiny bottle
what's the layout according to this picture of this bedroom
what's the length of a cane
what's the library card number
what's the logo on this shirt
what's the logo on this t-shirt
what's the magazine's name
what's the make and model of that car, and what's the license plate number
what's the make of this phone, and the model
what's the manufacturer
what's the message on this card
what's the model number
what's the model number and manufacturer of this printer
what's the model number of this emulser
what's the model number, if it's visible
what's the model of this mobile phone? do you know
what's the model of this subwoofer
what's the name
what's the name of that
what's the name of that can
what's the name of that place
what's the name of the cd
what's the name of the cd? no, i'm recording a question
what's the name of the drink
what's the name of the flower
what's the name of the hypothesis which is being referred to on this page
what's the name of the mouse brand
what's the name of the perfume
what's the name of the phone and the model
what's the name of the restaurant
what's the name of the station
what's the name of these tablets
what's the name of this
what's the name of this album and tell me the picture of the album
what's the name of this audio book
what's the name of this audio book and the actual number of the disc
what's the name of this avon perfume
what's the name of this book
what's the name of this book on tape
what's the name of this book or manual
what's the name of this box
what's the name of this candy
what's the name of this card
what's the name of this cd
what's the name of this coffee
what's the name of this dvd
what's the name of this flash drive? and, also, there's a bug. because when i want to send to iq or send, the, it comes through my earphones
what's the name of this fresh direct meal
what's the name of this frozen dinner
what's the name of this mediation
what's the name of this medication
what's the name of this medicine
what's the name of this menu
what's the name of this movie
what's the name of this package
what's the name of this package of chocolate
what's the name of this packet of chocolates
what's the name of this perfume
what's the name of this phone and the model
what's the name of this phone, and model
what's the name of this product
what's the name of this snack
what's the name of this wine
what's the name of this? thanks
what's the name on the container
what's the name on the label of this bottle
what's the name on these two cds
what's the name or what is the book title of this booklet and is it a part of this cd
what's the needle pointing at
what's the number
what's the number and
what's the number on the screen
what's the number on the top left corner
what's the password in this image
what's the pepper mint tea
what's the phone number for this company
what's the phrase in the box say
what's the picture
what's the picture of
what's the picture of the can that i just took? is it chili or what
what's the picture on this cup
what's the pin on this router? i moved the camera closer so hopefully you can read it now
what's the price
what's the product
what's the product in this can
what's the selected options
what's the serving size and the calorie count for this product
what's the side effects on this medicine bottle
what's the size
what's the sky look like
what's the sky look like in this photo
what's the sky look like in this photograph
what's the sky look like in this picture
what's the sky look like today
what's the soup of the day
what's the status now
what's the temperature
what's the temperature displayed on this thermostat
what's the temperature on my thermostat
what's the temperature on the thermostat
what's the temperature set at
what's the temperature show on this thermostat
what's the text
what's the thermostat read
what's the thermostat set to and what is the current temperature
what's the time
what's the title of the cd
what's the title of this audio book
what's the title of this book
what's the title of this c.d
what's the title of this cd
what's the title of this dvd
what's the title of this essay
what's the title of this painting
what's the top of this page talking about
what's the use by date
what's the use of this product
what's the value of this
what's the value of this bill
what's the warning label
what's the weather like
what's the weather like outside on this photo
what's the website
what's the word in the captcha
what's the year of this wine
what's the year on this manuscript
what's this
what's this a picture of
what's this about
what's this bag of
what's this book title
what's this bottle
what's this box
what's this box about
what's this box? what is it? what kind of box is this? what is in this box
what's this business card say
what's this by
what's this can
what's this candy bar
what's this case
what's this cd called
what's this chairs color
what's this chocolate
what's this color
what's this drink called
what's this dvd
what's this envelope
what's this flag
what's this flavor? what flavor is this
what's this food
what's this guy look like in the photograph
what's this guy look like in this picture
what's this i just took a picture of
what's this in front of me
what's this item
what's this jar
what's this juice
what's this magazine
what's this microwave say
what's this money
what's this number
what's this one? read
what's this package
what's this package? thanks
what's this photo
what's this photo of
what's this picture
what's this picture about
what's this picture of
what's this picture of and how does it look? question mark
what's this product
what's this say
what's this screen show
what's this snack
what's this tape
what's this, what's this mark up
what's this? could you tell me
what's this? describe
what's this? hello
what's this? it's kinda slow
what's this? okay now it's gonna send it to recording app
what's this? tell me
what's this? what is in the vegetables
what's this? what is it? what is it
what's this? what is this
what's this? what's the product
what's this? what's this
what's this? what's this say
what's visible on this shirt
what's written here
what's written in here
what's written on it
what's written on the photo
what's written on the red button
what's written on this book
what's written on this bottle
what's written on this box
what's written on this label
what's written on this paper
what's written on this phone
what's written on this shirt
what's written on this sign
what's wrote on my computer screen
what's your favorite flavor of bubblegum
what's, what is on screen
what's, what is on the screen this time
what's`s this
what, how many ounces is this can
what, uh, color is this? is this dark green or blue, and what color might match best with this color
what, what color is it
what, what color is the hard drive
what, what company produces this
what, what do you see
what, what does this card say
what, what is in this can
what, what is on the screen
what, what is the computer monitor displaying? or what message is it displaying
what, what is this
what, what is this can
what, what is this? what is it
what, what is, what is this
what, what temperature is this set on? thanks
what, what's this
what. what is this? what is this
what...what is it
what...what is on that shelf
what? what color is this
what? what does it say
what? what is this
what\s in the picture? what\s in the picture
whatpage number is this
whats displayed on the screen
whats in the bag
whats in the box
whats in the can
whats in the picture
whats in the water
whats in this
whats in this bag
whats in this bottle
whats in this box
whats in this can
whats in this card and is it right side up or upside down
whats in this carton
whats in this envelope
whats in this jar
whats in this photo
whats in this refrigerator
whats is this picture
whats it say on the label
whats it say on this tag
whats on my computer screen
whats on my screen? come on you guys! whats on the screen
whats on the fireplace
whats on the screen
whats on the screen now
whats on the shirt
whats on this bottom
whats on this screen
whats showing on the computer screen
whats spice is this
whats that
whats the calorie count for this product
whats the date
whats the date on here
whats the expiration date
whats the expiration date on this mayonnaise
whats the general topic of this book
whats the kindest picture
whats the logo on the shirt for? thanks
whats the logo on this shirt
whats the measurements
whats the model number
whats the model number of this device
whats the name of that
whats the name of the cd
whats the name of the phone and the model
whats the name of this audiobook
whats the name of this box
whats the name of this cd
whats the name of this spice
whats the name written on the key
whats the name written on the keys
whats the picture on the shirt
whats the reason
whats the title of this cd
whats the title of this essay
whats the weather like
whats this
whats this barcode say
whats this bottle
whats this button
whats this capture
whats this card say
whats this shirt look like, thanks
whats time is it if you can't read it just tell me the time
whats written on this bottle
whats written on this envelope
whats your advice on pointing the camera so that i can get an accurate synopsis
when did this expire
when do these expire
when does the duplication of dna occur
when does the item expire
when does this bus pass expire
when does this bus pass expire? oh
when does this expire
when does this hummus expire
when does this item expire
when does this nose spray expire
when does this task expire
when i use this app, first of all i tried to take a picture of my face. is it actually showing? secondly, if it's not showing, is the
when is a
when is the expiration date
when is the expiration date on this soup
when is the, when does this expire
when is this card
when was this
when was this micky mouse clock made and where? and how much is it worth
when we ask questions about fashion as blind people, how can we decipher which of the information we get back is just generally understood by sighted people verses
when will this product expire
when you record a question so, what is this
when's the expiration date on this turkey
when. when does this expire
where am i
where am i and what time is it
where am i or what is this
where are my pants
where are my stairs
where are my sunglasses? heading not found. heading not found
where are the baking instructions
where are the cooking instructions
where are the keys
where are the whiteboard markers
where are these pants
where are we
where are you
where can i buy it
where can i buy these big pens
where can i buy these two lights
where can i buy this
where can i buy this from
where can i buy this glass or candle holder, whatever it is, and what is the cost
where can i buy this product
where can i enter my password
where can i find a shoe
where can i find one of these
where can i find others
where can i find such a phone
where can i find the directions for this whiz use
where can i find the nearest exit
where can i find this
where can i find this app
where can i get a tv set like this
where can i get more of this
where can i get one of these
where can i use this gift card
where did my plate go
where did the first markers come from
where did this come from
where do i buy a pair of shoes like this
where do i buy this
where do you think i could get a power cord
where does the number one key start on this keyboard
where does this plant grow
where does this water come from
where i am
where i can to buy
where in the world did my cord go for my radio transmitter
where is
where is b
where is cafe nero
where is displayed
where is it come from
where is it made
where is my black braille book
where is my black braille book and is this the flowered blanket you're talking about
where is my brush
where is my cane
where is my cat
where is my harry potter 2 dvd in spanish
where is my ipad
where is my laptop
where is my money
where is my napkin
where is my night gown
where is my school uniform
where is my shirt and what does it say
where is my slipper
where is my water bottle
where is play
where is telephone
where is that
where is the ashtray
where is the barcode on this packet
where is the barcode on this tin of tomatoes
where is the best place to hide a body
where is the bowl
where is the broiler switch
where is the can of lysol on this shelf? give me some directions so i can find it, thanks
where is the coffee
where is the defrost button on this microwave
where is the dog
where is the flash memory
where is the food
where is the handle
where is the location of the number key
where is the menu button
where is the milky way candy bar
where is the mint
where is the mute button
where is the number on this piece of paper sticking out
where is the number one key on this keyboard
where is the on button to switch on
where is the paddle
where is the phone
where is the power button
where is the power button located on this remote
where is the printer
where is the red car
where is the redial button
where is the salt
where is the select button
where is the settings icon on my iphone
where is the silver
where is the sky
where is the start button
where is the tv button on this remote
where is the webcam
where is the white cup
where is the white line here
where is the yahoo! button on the remote control
where is this
where is this a gift card from
where is this a ticket for
where is this and what color is it and what time is it
where is this box from
where is this coffee mug from
where is this coin from
where is this envelope coming from? what is the return address
where is this from
where is this from and who is this for
where is this gang
where is this item
where is this located
where is this made
where is this nut from
where is this object located
where is this picture
where is this plane from? what airline
where is this play
where is this shirt
where is this sold
where is this table
where is this top
where is this wine coming from
where on the dial is the arrow
where on the screen is the uninstall button
where on this screen do i accept the license terms for windows
where to buy this
where to hide a dead body
where was this made in
where was this picture taken
where's my chess piece
where's the cat
where's the help for vizwiz
where's the shirt
where's the shirt of the person in the photo
where's this logo on this cap
which ... is this and which company makes it
which articles of clothing, if any, see in this photo and do they match
which best describes how igneous rocks are formed
which beverage is contained in this bottle
which bill is this
which blackberry phone is this
which bog flower remedy is this
which book is that
which book is the piano book? the one on the left or the right
which bottle is coffee cream? the one on the left, or the one on the right
which bottle of these three is the shampoo
which box is this
which brand cookie is this flavor
which brand is this
which building is that
which button is for the resetting of the timer
which button is selected
which button is the off button
which button is the second floor button
which buttons are the volume
which can has the refried beans? the one on the left or the one on the right
which can is this
which can should i eat for lunch
which card is this
which case is this
which cd is this
which cd is this? which cd is this
which cereal is this? question mark
which character is this
which chocolate bar is it? snickers or mars
which classroom is this
which cleaning product is on the left and which is on the right
which cleaning product is this
which coffee is this
which color
which color does that t-shirt have which i'm wearing? i think it's purple but i have got two of those so i'm not sure which one this is
which color does the carpet have
which color does the folder have
which color has it
which color has the purse
which color has this thing
which color is it
which color is the car
which color is this
which color is this shirt
which color paper cup am i using
which computer is that one
which cornflakes is this
which country does this belong to
which country does this belongs
which country does this belongs to
which country is this? and how much is it
which coupon is this
which currency is this
which date
which denomination is this card
which dinner is this
which dog are yo
which dog product is this
which dr. seuss character is this
which drink is this
which drops are for the ears
which dvd is this
which eye drops are these
which flavor are these bars
which flavor chips are these
which flavor is this
which flavor is this oatmeal, cause i bought two different flavors
which flavor is this one
which flavor of pop tarts are these
which flavor of yogurt is this
which flavor was this
which flavors are these
which floor am i on
which flower is this
which flower remedy is this
which game is this
which gift certificate and gift card is this for
which hamlet member is in this play
which harry potter book is this
which harry potter title is this one
which headphone is the pink one. the one on the left or the one on the right
which hindu god is this
which hydration
which invader is not correctly matched with his invasion
which is a the on and off switch the left or the right side of the stove here to turn off the oven
which is cleaning product is this
which is for regular coke? is it the top button
which is is the almond butter
which is mango glinda pickle, left or right
which is selected
which is the dice number
which is the diet coke button
which is the olive oil
which is the ravioli
which is the yellow key
which is the yellow one
which is this
which item is highlighted
which jar is the almond butter? the left or right? is it the right side, the almond butter
which k cups contain coffee
which key labels are these
which kind of food is this
which kind of fruit is this
which kind of herb is it
which kind of ice is this
which kind of open pit barbecue sauce is this
which kind of pain this its riddle for what
which kind of soup is this
which kind of tea is this
which kind of wine is this
which laptop is this
which lottery to get has two sets of numbers
which magazine
which marie callander's dish is this, chicken or meat loaf
which meal is this? it's waiting for time to run out
which medicine is this
which menu is this
which movie do you think is the best
which movie is this
which number do i need to dial for emergencies
which ocean has the most hurricanes
which ocean has the most hurricanes in the world
which of the jacks is the audio connection
which of the six jacks on the back of this pc is the speaker or volume connection
which of these are my gray pants
which of these are my grey pants
which of these is the best movie
which of these, if any, is evaporated milk
which one am i using
which one are my gray pants
which one are my grey pants
which one is apple cider
which one is coke zero? the one on the left or the one on the right
which one is dvd
which one is green
which one is more red
which one is pink
which one is real sugar
which one is red color? is it on my left or my right
which one is sausage
which one is the almond butter
which one is the aspirin
which one is the black cable
which one is the blue one
which one is the bolognese sauce
which one is the diet coke
which one is the green one
which one is the peanutbutter
which one is the pepsi
which one is the red
which one is the reset button
which one is the round port? there are four ports, and i'd like to know which position. i'm guessing it's one from the left or one from the right but i have no idea
which one is the salt? the left or right
which one is the volume
which one is this
which one is tomato soup
which one of the three images is the google logo
which one of these 5 dvds is the sound of music
which one of these are coffee or all of them coffee cause there's some other things mixed in like apple cider and chocolate and stuff like that
which one of these boxes is the prisoner of azkaban
which one of these cans his a coke
which one of these cards is my slate card
which one of these is coal
which one of these is corn
which one of these is cream of mushroom soup
which one of these is hot chocolate? the one on the left or the one on the right? the one in the plastic or the one in the other package? and if not, what are they
which one of these is my sausage
which one of these is pink
which one of these is shampoo
which one of these is the colored ink cartridge and which one is the black and white cartridge
which one of these is the defrost button
which one of these is the granulated sugar? the one on the left or the one on the right
which one of these is the sugar bag
which one of these items is the children's dictionary? is it the one on the right, or the one on the left
which one of these two bags would be appropriate for a birthday gift? the small one or the tall one
which one of these two ties, which one of these two ties is black, completely black
which one's dinner is this
which ones dinner is this
which option is currently highlighted
which packet contains plain flour
which packet contains plain flower
which pair of pants is khaki
which pair of pants is khaki? the left or the right
which part of the box have internal control
which pen is pink and which one is black
which pills are in this bottle
which plug is the amazon plug
which pot pie is this
which product is in this bottle
which product is this
which purplish light is darker the one on the left or the one on the right
which quarter is this
which remote control is this
which remote is black
which remote is this
which scanner is this
which scent is this
which seasoning is this
which shirt is black
which shirt is green
which shirt is red
which sieve is healthy choice
which soda is this
which sorts card is it
which spice is this
which stock is this
which stuffed chicken breast is this? what is the filling
which tea is that
which temperature
which thing is in the picture
which three bottles are these in order from left to right
which tie would match best with a white shirt
which time is shown in dwight's corner above, in the new alarm
which time zone is selected
which timezone is selected in the timezone selection box
which tv dinner is this and how do i cook it
which type of hamburger helper is this
which type of milk is this
which video game is this
which volume of the twilight zone is this
which walker's crisp are these
which way do i turn button to toast
which way do i turn the button for high
which way do i turn the dial so it's on auto
which way do i turn the dial to put it to auto
which way does the sign go
which way should i rotate this can to make the label visible
which wine is orange
which wine is this
which wine is this, and is it red wine
which word describes how sediment or
white dog doing
who am i
who are the wrestlers in on this dvd
who can read this for me
who created this statue
who designed this chair
who does it say this piece of mail is for and who is it from
who does that look like on my shirt
who does this look like
who is answering my question
who is does writing say
who is george washington
who is he
who is in this box
who is it
who is on this poster
who is that
who is that on the wall
who is that person on tv
who is the actor or what film is it
who is the artist
who is the artist on this cd
who is the author
who is the driver or sponsor of this truck
who is the fifth president and who is on the six dollar bill
who is the guy
who is the idiot in this photo
who is the mail for
who is the manufacturer of this backpack bag
who is the painter
who is the person is this photo? what was their description
who is the publisher of this book
who is this
who is this a picture of
who is this actor
who is this address to
who is this addressed to
who is this artist
who is this box of
who is this cd by
who is this character
who is this dog
who is this envelope from
who is this famous person
who is this from
who is this guy
who is this letter from
who is this mail for
who is this mail for? who is it addressed to
who is this man
who is this mass effect character
who is this package for
who is this parcel from
who is this person
who is this picture
who is this though
who is this? what kind of figure is this
who made this coat
who made this product
who makes these noodles
who makes this
who makes this bag
who makes this brand of kl
who makes this product
who makes this undergarment
who makes this victoria secret bra
who manufactures this product? where is it available
who painted this painting
who played in this movie
who plays this character
who sent the paper
who the fuck is that
who was on the watch
who wrote this book
who's at the table
who's going to win the game
who's in the kitchen
who's in this photo
who's leg is this
who's letter is this from
who's logo is this
who's on the cover of the book
who's talking on the telly
who's the artist
who's the mail for
who's this computer made by
who's this from
who's this letter from
whole tomatoes or diced tomatoes
whoops, title
whose coffee is this
whose jersey is that and what team did he play for
whose jersey is this in pro sports
whose letter is this from
why are monkeys brown
why are my kids still awake
why are the buttons on the string and where are they located
why do i only have four fingers
why does it just stay dark
why does it make me record audio if you guys are only looking at the pictures
why don't we feel the earth's movement as it is rotating
why i can't hear any sound
why is it
why is the bar code on this box
why is the traffic on the 405 though? we missed that one. is there a portion of this closed? right or something like that
why is there traffic on the 405 south
why is this computer not booting up
why isn't my computer starting
why not
will allegra give me the farts
will someone tell me what scent this is
will someone tell me what this is before i wrap it as a christmas gift
will there be a worker available on christmas day
will this charge my iphone
will this clean wood
will this go with my purple top
will this jacket match this dress? i believe it's black
will this work with my iphone
will you describe this card and it orientation ie. upside down or right side up
will you describe this label
will you describe what is in this box or on this box
will you identify this label
will you read me the serial number? thanks
will you read the temperature on this thermostat
will you read this
will you read to me whats shown on this display
will you tell me the expiration date on this carton of milk if you can see it
will you tell me what is on this paper
will you tell me what is written on this card and is upside down or right side up
will you tell me what the status of the printer is, ? on this display
will you tell me what this bottle says
will you tell me what this captcha says
will you tell me what this is
will you tell me what this item is
wine is this
with as much detail as possible describe whats on the screen
with the sos switch to the right is it in lock or unlock position
wonder if this picture is going to be where you can see it or not, but i'm trying to see if this is a bottle of ketchup. if you could tell me that, i would appreciate it. again, i apologize if you can't see the picture
wondering if you can read this card number
wondering if you can see what the dimensions of this tape was
wondering what box, flour remedy this is
wondering what it is, whole milk
wondering what kind of pop this was? probably too dark in here. don't know if i can stop it
wondering what the date is on the package
work for me or i'm going to beat you. i will beat the out of you
working! my boy says he working. my boy says he's lurking. 2012
would blood show up on the tan pants i'm wearing
would it help if there was more light i wonder or is it just because this camera is so bad
would like copying instructions
would like to know what color it is
would this be a twenty
would this go better with a white shirt or a black shirt
would this happen to be coffee creamer
would this polo shirt go with these trousers
would you be able to read the contents on this card, . i don't know if i got the right side
would you be able to read what this says
would you be able to tell me the buttons across from left to right on this dishwasher
would you call this light blue turquoise? yes or no
would you identify this box for me
would you mind describing what is in this picture for me
would you mind identifying this box
would you mind telling me which icarly dvd i have in my hand
would you read me the directions
would you read these buttons from left to right on the scanner
would you say that the lamp in the right hand corner, i'm not sure if you can see it in the photograph, is giving this room, not necessarily enough light, but it's light, or would you say it's still very, very dull
would you say this is a beautiful bird
would you say this room is illuminated
would you tell me if this is either broccoli or cauliflower
would you tell me the flavor of this coffee
would you tell me what is brie
would you tell me what size my shirt is
would you tell me what the cd says
would you tell me what the sky in this photograph looks like
would you tell me what this is
would you tell me whats in this bottle? i know it's beer, but what sort
would you wear black pants or black skirt with this blouse
written on the picture
x square plus 5x plus 8 equals 4
y or p
ya, i just got this apple on my phone and i'm blind and to find what is in this can. let's sell it
yeah could you tell me what magazine this is? just curious
yeah i just got this app on my phone and i'm blind and i was trying to see what was in this can if it would show it
yeah i just got this app on my phone and i'm blind. was trying to see what was in this can if it would show it
yeah i think it's gel, but thinkin it doesn't smell like gel and it's really, it's really thick, um, creme thing like oops it's really thick and, i don't know what it is
yeah i think that worked. yeah did it change screens. wait not yet. i got that once to
yeah i'd just like to know if there was a label on this bottle and if there was dosage information that can be seen? very much
yeah i'd like to see if this is a pasta sauce, what kind, and how many ounces, if that's possible
yeah i'm trying to use this new service. what is in this can
yeah just got this app on my phone and i'm blind, and just trying to see what was in this can, if it would show it
yeah what frecuency is this
yeah what is this
yeah, but they were. well, i don't know
yeah, hi. i wanted to know what the barcode on this external hard drive is
yeah, i don't know if this got out there, but i was just wondering if anyone could read the title of this book
yeah, i just need to determine, for sure, the characters in this captcha
yeah, i just need to know what the captcha code in this image. very much
yeah, i need to determine whats the two words, the two words in this captcha image
yeah, i'd like to know if there's any information on this company visible. it's a company website that's inaccessible
yeah, i'm trying to use this new service, what is in this can
yeah, is this light on
yeah, it should be fine, i'm just trying to post it online so someone can see all the inputs and connectors and things like that. if you can see those, then yeah, email it to me at mike@melo.com
yeah, just disregard this, i'm just testing to see if this will go over facebook. thanks
yeah. why is that
yes
yes could you tell me what is in this can ? good morning
yes could you tell me what this box contains
yes folks, i am trying to find out the content is of this can
yes good afternoon could you possible tell me what the contents of this jar is
yes i find this in apartment and i am from foreign country and i don't kno what it is
yes i just need to know as specifically as possible a description of the image that is in this in this picture which is in this google street view, google street map
yes i just need you to determine the labeling on dosing information--dosing information on this bottle
yes i know it's jewelry but i want to know if you could describe it. tell me how much it costs and if you see an order number. this is a avon booklet. yes i'll
yes i need a description of this google street view image
yes i need a verbal description of the label on this bottle, be as specific as possible
yes i need to determine the buttons that are in the picture on the fax machine where the controls are
yes i need to determine the buttons that are labeled on this fax machine
yes i need to determine the captcha image
yes i need to determine the labels of the buttons on this fax machine from left to right
yes i need to determine the labels of the following three buttons on this machine from left to right
yes i need to determine the letters in this captcha image
yes i need to determine the two words in this cash image
yes i need to determine the word that is in this captcha image
yes i need to know the captcha image in this picture
yes i need to know what the captcha image is in this picture
yes i'd like to know if there is a rx number visible on this bottle and what the number is
yes i'm wondering if this one's too blurry or not. i'm trying to get a good picture of my medicine bottle. i wanna know what is inside of it before i take it because if i take the wrong it could mean serious trouble. could someone help me
yes is the picture of a coffeemaker. i just need to determined which one of those buttons is the on off switch
yes the following is a google view street image.i need as specific as possible a description of this image
yes this is a bottle of medication and i just wanted to know if there was any dosage information and with the label visible
yes this is a bottle of medication, i just need the rx number on the bottle if it is visible
yes this is a captcha image and i just need to know what the two words are, on the screen
yes this is a corporate web site history of information is in flash and not accessible i need to know what kind of company this is
yes this is a google street view and i just want a description of the image be as detailed as possible
yes this is a google street view and i need as detailed a description as possible of the image
yes this is a google street view image, i need a detail, a detail of the description, as much as possible, i need to know if there is a bus stop visible
yes this is a medication bottle and i just wanted to find out if there is any dosage or label information visible
yes this is a picture of a boat, i need to determine where the on/off switch is
yes this is a picture of a coffee maker i just need to know which button on this coffee maker is the on off switch
yes this is a website that is inaccessible with text and i need a summary of the text in this image
yes this is an hp laptop computer, i need to know where the card reader is in relation to the keyboard. be as specific as possible
yes this is an hp laptop computer. i need to locate the card reader, i understand it's to the right of the keyboard, on the side. i need to know, is it close to the front? close to where the key
yes this is an hp laptop, a probook. i need to know where the card reader is in relation to the keyboard. be as specific as possible
yes this is an image from google maps. i need a detailed description of the image
yes u know it's a jacket but what color it is, . i'm trying to label them
yes, cool, it's a happy hour menu. give me some ideas as to what is on the menu? i'm just curious, thanks
yes, could you me what is on this can? it doesn't have a label
yes, dvd
yes, hi, could you tell me what these templates are
yes, i just need a description of the label on this bottle. be as specific as possible
yes, i just need a description of this google satellite view. be as specific as possible
yes, i just need a translation to the words in this captured image
yes, i just need to determine the label and the dosage instructions on this bottle
yes, i just need to know if there is any dosage information visible on this bottle
yes, i just need to know the label and dosage information on this bottle
yes, i just need to know what the captcha image in this picture is. very much
yes, i just need to know what the captcha image on the screen is. it's apparently two words
yes, i just need to know what the captcha in this image is
yes, i just need to know what the captcha, or the words are in the captcha image
yes, i just need to know what the two words in this captcha image are
yes, i just need to know what the word is in this captcha image
yes, i just need to know what the words in this captcha image are. there should be two words
yes, i just needed to know what the captcha image on this screen is
yes, i know it's sausages, but how long for in the oven
yes, i know this may not be possible, but i'd like a description of the chart that is in this image if that description is possible
yes, i need a description of this image from a street view. be as detailed and specific as possible
yes, i need a description of this image, which is a google street view. . be as detailed as possible
yes, i need a summary of the information that is on the screen as text of a website
yes, i need to determine each letter that is in this captcha image
yes, i need to determine that word that is in this caption image
yes, i need to determine the blue rx number on this bottle of medication. . the six digit number
yes, i need to determine the captcha code in this image
yes, i need to determine the label on this bag. be as specific as possible
yes, i need to determine the labels of the buttons on the bottom of this keyboard panel on this phone
yes, i need to determine the letters in this caption image
yes, i need to determine the two words in this captcha image. very much
yes, i need to determine the two words in this visual captcha image. very much
yes, i need to determine the word in the captcha image
yes, i need to determine the word in this captcha image
yes, i need to determine the word in this caption image
yes, i need to determine the words that are in this capture image. be as specific as possible
yes, i need to determine what the captcha image is in this photo
yes, i need to determine what the captcha image on this photo is
yes, i need to determine what the caption image is. with the boys and caption image is
yes, i need to determine what the label on this bottle is
yes, i need to determine what the visible labels on this fax machine are, the buttons on this fax machine
yes, i need to know what the captcha image is, very much
yes, i was just wondering what this bag of vegetables is, if it's just broccoli or if it's broccoli and cheese
yes, i was wondering what color flowers this futon cover had on them. i was trying to match my apartment's decor. so much
yes, i would just like a description of the visual image which is a google street view of a given location
yes, i would just like to know what the label is on this medication bottle and any dosage information
yes, i would like a description of the image of this google street view. me as detailed as possible
yes, i would like a description of the photograph on the screen which is a google satellite image
yes, i would like to know what the contents of this jar is, . i hope this is a better image of it
yes, i'd just like to know what the captcha picture is in this picture
yes, i'm wondering if you see any error messages on this boot up screen of the computer? one of the workers said it was a bios screen with a temperature error but they couldn't see the whole thing, so i
yes, is it easy to determine the label and dosage information of the this bottle
yes, is the item in front of you a bottle of lotion, shampoo or conditioner
yes, tell me what color this shirt is, and does it have any writing on it? very much
yes, tell me what this screen says? i seem to have an error booting up my computer
yes, these are buttons on the part of the fax machine. i need to know what the labels on these buttons in the picture are on this fax machine are
yes, this is a card. if you can tell me the picture on it, that would be very useful. look forward to hearing from you
yes, this is a corporate website that is flash-based and not accessible. i need to know the type of business this company is in, its information, and company history
yes, this is a google satellite view, and i would like a specific description of this view if possible
yes, this is a google street view image. i need a description of what is in this picture, and i need to know if there's anything looks like a bus stop visible
yes, this is a google street view. i need a description, as detailed as possible, of the image, and i need to know if there's a bus stop visible
yes, this is a google streetview image. i need a detailed description of this image, as descriptive as possible
yes, this is a medication bottle. i'm going to try this again and i just wanted to know if there is a label and dosage information visible
yes, this is a picture of an hp laptop, keyboard, hp frogro, i need to locate the card reader on this unit. i need to know if it's to, i understand it's to the right of the key
yes, this is an image from google street view. i need to have a specific description. be as specific as possible
yes, this is an image from the google streetview. i need a detailed description of the image. i need it to have as specific and detailed as possible
yes, this is the front of an hp probook laptop. i just need to know if there's anything visible that looks like it could be a slot for a card reader
yes, what does the facts say
yes, what is this can
yes. i need to determine the caption image in this photo
yes. i need to determine what the label on this bottle is
yes. i'd like to determine what the letters are in this captcha image are
yes. this is a picture of an image from google street view. i need it to tell if a description of this image is possible
yes. this is a picture of the back of a handset on a phone. i need to know what the labels of the buttons on this handset are that are visible
you are weird
you can email this address in this business card
you can say whatever you want
you can tell me what kind of perfume is this? (intelligible
you did not give me the answer to my question. do so, . you say, but there's no stop button
you gonna take that
you guys are awesome. what is this can
you guys questions about assistive technologies to feed my q
you have a new toy. a new toy
you have already said this is captain america and your right. i was wondering, how tell it's captain america
you have money
you identify this label
you know what drink this is
you know, i think i know what this is. is this sour cream? what is this
you mean by increase the pixels? what do you mean by increase the pixels because i am using an ipod touch 4th generation, not an iphone
you read the directions on the box
you read the highlighted text
you record
you record a little message and you say hello, this is campbell, i need help determining what my location is
you said, uh, when i asked if i could leave the directions, that means it's too vague to tell? does that mean the picture's not coming out right? the box doesn't... say
you see anything different now on the screen? does the computer tell me i need to do anything
you see what scent this is
you should see a piece of tape on the dishwasher and i need to know is the heat dry is it to the right or left or up above or near the tape
you tell if the screen says it is downloading updates or installing updates? it's supposed to be shutting off
you tell me what kind of pizza this is
you tell me what kind of vehicle or what type of vehicle this is
you tell me what this is
you told me everything i needed to know in my last message regarding this shirt, but since you said the picture could be improved upon, i am sending you this to find out if i have not taken a picture that you feel is as good as it can be
your wish is my command. i have now tried to take another picture. but this time i've taken the camera out of it's case, so if you could again tell me what the cooking instructions are on this package i'd be grateful
